name: nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco UCS Express
description:  The nGenius® Integrated Agent for UCS Express is self-contained virtualized probe software that is integrated and deployed within UCS Express environments to provide service visibility at logical network boundaries. Cisco UCS Express includes the Cisco Services Ready Engine (SRE) x86 blade server computing platform, the Cisco Services Ready Engine Virtualization (SRE-V) platform powered by VMware vSphere Hypervisor (ESXi) and the Cisco Integrated Services Router Generation 2 (ISR G2) networking platform. The Cisco UCS Express platform provides the necessary infrastructure to securely install, host and manage the nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco UCS Express.  With the identical functionality of a hardware-base nGenius Probe, the nGenius Integrated Agent provides scalable packet-based monitoring and analysis of traffic traversing the network to feed valuable service delivery and user experience metrics to the nGenius nGenius Service Assurance Solution. Optimized for deployment in the branch office and at the network edge, nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco UCS Express provides always-on, granular visibility into LAN and WAN environments, generating rich metadata on key performance metrics such as traffic, application and service utilization, conversations, error conditions, resource utilization, response time, and many others.  The nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco UCS Express can be deployed within Cisco 2900 and 3900 Series ISR G2 routers with Cisco SRE-700, 710, 900 or 910 modules and the SRE-V 2.0 hypervisor. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/101959/

name: nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco ISR
description:  The nGenius® Integrated Agent for Cisco Integrated Services Routers (ISR) is self-contained virtualized probe software that is integrated and deployed within the Cisco ISR on the Cisco Application eXtension Platform (AXP) to provide service visibility at logical network boundaries. Cisco AXP enhances the capabilities of the Cisco ISR by providing the means to develop and host custom and third-party applications directly on the Cisco ISR. The Cisco AXP is an application services hosting platform that physically resides inside of a Cisco ISR. Cisco AXP provides a service platform, with its own dedicated processor, hard disk, network interfaces, and memory, operating independently of the host router resources, that powers the nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco ISR.  With the identical functionality of a hardware-base nGenius Probe, the nGenius Integrated Agent provides scalable packet-based monitoring and analysis of traffic traversing the network to feed valuable service delivery and user experience metrics to the nGenius nGenius Service Assurance Solution. Optimized for deployment in the branch office and at the network edge, nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco ISR provides always-on, granular visibility into LAN and WAN environments, generating rich metadata on key performance metrics such as traffic, application and service utilization, conversations, error conditions, resource utilization, response time, and many others.  The nGenius Integrated Agent for Cisco ISR can be deployed within Cisco 2900 and 3900 Series ISR G2 or Cisco 2800 and 2800 series ISR routers on Cisco Services Ready Engine (SRE) or Enhanced Network Module (NME) service modules with the Cisco AXP software.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/101972/

name: Cisco Desktop Virtualization Solution with Citrix
description: Citrix XenDesktop on Cisco UCS delivers services that can be accessed from any device, any time, any location.
The expanded portfolio of desktop virtualization solution architectures now makes the combined Cisco and Citrix technologies even more attractive by:

Increasing the solution breadth to address customers of all sizes
Offering greater choice of validated partner storage technologies for desktop virtualization
Delivering a portfolio of architectures that simplify and accelerate the path to application and desktop virtualization ROI

Cisco UCS is an ideal platform for hosting Citrix XenDesktop. Using Cisco UCS as the basis of a virtual desktop infrastructure unites servers, networking, virtualization, and storage access into a unified system. This design delivers greater computing density, network simplicity, and management simplicity in a smaller footprint that reduces operating costs. All hardware and software components are managed through the unified, embedded Cisco UCS Manager to improve operation efficiency with transparent scaling.
The system is available in pre-configured starterpacks, bundled packs for small and medium-sized businesses, and expansion packs so that organizations can meet needs today and scale as demand grows. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/102097/

name: TiM Directory
description: With the TiM Directory you get an easy to manage, fully functional system which enables you to manage contacts and phone numbers simply and effectively as never before.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/103063/

name: Simplify Application Deployments with Cisco ACI and F5 BIG-IP
description: Today’s IT infrastructure is complex and often manually provisioned, making it costly and time-consuming to deploy and manage applications. To deliver greater service agility, scale, predictable IT spending, and increased customer satisfaction—all within the existing IT cost structure—IT departments must transform their data centers. However, this transformation cannot compromise application security, availability, or performance. Together, Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) and F5 SynthesisTM offer a new data center architecture founded on an automated, policy-based, and fabric-based approach that operationalizes the network and accelerates application deployment.
Combining technologies from F5 Networks and Cisco Systems to address the needs of data center application, Cisco ACI and F5 BIG-IP create a flexible solution that is application centric. Through the use of APIs, policies, and automation, layer-4 to -7 services are seamlessly added to ensure applications are available, redundant, and secure.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/107350/

name: Implementing Cisco Nexus 9000 NX-OS Mode with F5 BIG-IP Local Traffic Manager
description: The BIG-IP family of products offers the application intelligence that network managers need to ensure applications are fast, secure, and available. All BIG-IP products share a common underlying architecture, F5's Traffic Management Operating System (TMOS), which provides unified intelligence, flexibility, and programmability. Together, BIG-IP's powerful platforms, advanced modules, and centralized management system make up the most comprehensive set of application delivery tools in the industry.
F5 Networks’ BIG-IP Local Traffic Manager (LTM) delivers applications to users in a reliable, secure, and optimized way. BIG-IP LTM provides extensive and flexible application services with the programmability capable of managing physical, virtual, and cloud infrastructure. BIG-IP LTM offers the power to simplify, automate, and customize applications faster and more predictably. It’s rich set of features include API programmability, iRules, iApps, industry SSL performance, and the modularity to add other BIG-IP modules as needed.
The Cisco Nexus® Family, Cisco’s flagship switching product line in the data center, has been the benchmark for innovation in the networking industry. Complementing the existing Cisco Nexus Family switches, the Cisco Nexus 9000 Series Switches are the foundation for Cisco® application centric infrastructure (ACI). The Cisco Nexus 9000 Series includes a set of both modular and fixed switches that offer scalability, performance, low power consumption, and full Virtual Extensible LAN (VXLAN) and Network Virtualization Using Generic Routing Encapsulation (NVGRE) functions. Customers can use the Cisco Nexus 9000 Series with the Cisco NX-OS Software operating system or manage the switches with a policy controller in ACI mode.
The Cisco Nexus 9000 Series uses an enhanced version of Cisco NX-OS Software with a single binary image that supports every switch in the series, simplifying image management. The operating system is modular and supports in-service software upgrade (ISSU), hot and cold patching, stateful process restart, and extensive online diagnostics and scripting. Customers have access to the Linux shell on the switch, can install their own scripts and agents in secure containers, and can use a Cisco NX-OS RESTful API (JavaScript Object Notation [JSON] or XML) to manage switches programmatically.
Together the two products provide best in class features, functionality and performance that you expect from the market leaders.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/107433/

name: QWASI - Tropo Solution
description: MOBILE COMMUNICATION & COLLABORATION FOR SPARK & TROPO
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/110760/

name: VU Voice Recogn
description: When our voice validates our identity
Biometric authentication has never been feasible, as expensive hardware’s been always
involved. Fingerprint readers, iris visors, complex sound analysers; in the past, proper voice
recognition was only possible in the movies, due to the convoluted set-up behind the analysis
of sound patterns.
VU Voice Recogn is a third-factor authentication solution, based on voice detection.
Nowadays, the rhythm of life forces us to move from place to place to perform certain tasks,
such as red-tape paperwork and formalities, which in the end are made to prove that
someone, at the given point of the day, is still alive. In this vein, we designed a
Solution that, through voice, identifies a person; verifies that the given person is alive; and
creates coupons for each operation; all of this is achieved with phrase-variation algorithms.

Benefits
• Tech evolves, and, along the surge, these implementations become more accessible. It also
renders the omnichannel authentication (provided by VU Omnichannel Framework) stronger.
• The system can be integrated to web sites, ATM machines, desktop apps and mobile
applications, without the need of agent installations.
• The SDK provided along the solution allows the integration of biometric authentication in
both mobile or desktop applications.
• Background authentication can be done without complex validation processes.
• It enables the pairing of phrases to specific actions, which will integrate to other platforms
in a complete service
• The integration with our Fraud Analysis system allows enhancing fraud prevention
processes while it provides an unprecedented level of security: biometric validation becomes
automatic
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/111570/

name: Jabra Biz 2400 II UC BT
description: Jabra BIZ 2400 II is a wired professional headset that delivers outstanding sound on both ends of the call. 40% lighter than competing headsets, with super-soft leatherette headband and ear cushions. Built to last with a reinforced cord and unbreakable boom arm.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/113002/

name: VMR-8HS20-2 Outlet Metered PDU 20A 208V (8)C13
description: WTI's VMR-8HS20-2 metered 240 VAC PDUs can help you keep an eye on your data center, and let you know when your equipment is acting up before things get completely out of hand. Knowing is only half the battle, the VMR-8HS20-2 also allows you to reboot outlets when an attached device ceases to respond, disable outlets to reduce current consumption or switch on cooling devices to lower rack temperature.

The VMR-8HS20-2 includes a robust selection of monitoring features, including event alarms, outlet-specific metering and SNMP polling to help you keep tabs on vital network elements, avoid costly service calls and maximize up time.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/114384/

name: VMR-16HD20-2 Outlet Metered PDU Dual 20A 208V (16)C13
description: Secure Enterprise Console Management
In-band and out-of-band access to power switching and reboot control throughout your network. 24/7 remote power reboot control for servers, routers, switches, firewalls and other network elements, without the expenses, delays and hassles of physical site visits and truck rolls.
Dual Input  Voltage: 100 - 240V  Current: (2) 20A (16A Derated)  Connector: (2) IEC C20
Dual Output  Voltage: 100 - 240V  Current: (2) 20A (16A Derated)  Outlets: (16) IEC C13
WTI's VMR series metered PDUs can help you keep an eye on your data center, and let you know when your equipment is acting up before things get completely out of hand. Knowing is only half the battle, the VMR also allows you to reboot outlets when an attached device ceases to respond, disable outlets to reduce current consumption or switch on cooling devices to lower rack temperature.
The VMR includes a robust selection of monitoring features, including event alarms, outlet-specific metering and SNMP polling to help you keep tabs on vital network elements, avoid costly service calls and maximize up time.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/114437/

name: SAINT Security Suite - Cisco ISE module
description: SAINT Security Suite provides authenticated and unauthenticated scanning and assessments of a wide range of network-based hosts, to gain insight into security risks that impact the confidentiality, integrity,authenticity and availability of critical resources. The SAINT Security Suite identifies risks from host vulnerabilities and configuration weaknesses, exposure of sensitive content, risks to web applications and servers, as well as risks propogated as a result of the actions of the users that access these systems. through the use of social engineering tools, such as phishing, click loggers, password grabbers and keystroke logging. Security Suite also provides support for the National Institute for Standards and Technology (NIST) Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) program as a NIST-validated Authenticated Configuration Scanner (ACS), including Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE); and the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) Cyberscope reporting mandate. Security Suite also provides a rich analysis capability to investigate areas of risk; gain insights into the background, impacts and remediation guidance developed by SAINT engineers; and prioritize remediation activities, including alignment with vulnerabilities across severity categories, CVSS scores, customizable severity classifications and known exploits, as well as tagging vulnerabilities of lower priorities as exclusions for what-if analysis. Use Security Suite's integrated rules-based ticketing engine to manage remediation activites, from assignment, tracking, closure, and auditing of activities. Security Suite also provides interoperability with Cisco's FireSIGHT Management Center to support aggregation and correlation of vulnerability scan results as part of your overall risk posture within FireSIGHT's analytics. Additionally, extend SAINT's Cisco partner solution by integrating with Cisco Identify Service Engine (ISE) Management Center as part of Cisco's ecosystem, and quarantine risky assets directly within SAINT's management console ISE module to prevent high risk assets from communicating across your environment. Security Suite can be deployed via local software, virtual appliance, pre-configured hardware or provided via SAINTCloud - SAINT's cloud-hosted scanning service. Externally deployed solutions can support secure externa and internal scanning directly from the remote host or through internally deployed scanners managed by the externally managed host console. Multi-scanner architecture options are also supported to facilitate directing scan jobs to a single scanner, multiple scanners across network segments or load balanced for increased scale and performance. SAINT Security Suite provides support for a number of industry compliance areas, such as: FISMA, HIPAA, NERC CIP and SOX, as well as the Payment Card Industry (PCI) using SAINT's PCI Council Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV) scanning service, and SAINT's Penetration Testing services.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/115319/

name: Status light for Cisco Jabber (Blynclight)
description: The Blynclight is a productivity tool designed to allow a user to control their availability in a workplace. The device will alert colleagues when a user is on a call, busy with an assigned task or available to collaborate.
By displaying user availability in this manner, a user can increase their productivity by limiting interruptions caused by colleagues in their work environment.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/118600/

name: PD-9501GO
description: Outdoor 1-port PoE Injector, 60W, 10/100/1000 BaseT Midspan, AC & DC Input Options
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/120236/

name: Asset Net Tag
description: The dual-technology Asset Net™ Tag emits both CCX and infrared (IR) locating signals to combine the precision of IR with the ubiquity of Wi-Fi. The result — the most economic, scalable and effective RTLS in healthcare.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/126872/

name: Advantages Asset Management
description: Versus Advantages Asset Management is one module in a full suite of RTLS applications that support hospital workflow to enhance patient access, experience and engagement.
Advantages offers more than typical equipment tracking. Through utilization reporting and par-level replenishment, Versus helps you optimize your inventory.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/126884/

name: Billy Blue's 4 - Call Accounting and Billing
description: Billy Blue's 4 is the most advanced solution for analyzing and monitoring telephone traffic for Cisco UCM, BE6000-7000 and HCS.
Complete, scalable and ready to use, Billy Blue's meets the needs of single- and multi-site clients, from a few to 50,000 extensions.

The solution is Cisco Compatible certified and it is available on Cisco GPL.
It is also available on Cisco dCloud to allow partners making demos in a complete customisable environment, go directly: dcloud.cisco.com
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/129103/

name: Jabborate for IBM Connections
description: Jabborate adds real-time communiation cabalities to IBM Connections by delivering Cisco Jabber and WebEx collaboration capabilities.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/132727/

name: MARS UCCX Campaign Manager
description: The MARS UCCX Campaign Manager application provides business users with an easy to use web based interface to manage the features and functions of the Campaigns configured in the Cisco UCCX. This includes, managing campaigns, adding contact lists, monitoring contact lists and deleting contact lists.
 
The application supports three levels of user access: 

Administrator : Read/Write access to all configuration items including user management, UCCX connection configuration, Campaigns and other operational parameters
Campaign Manager : Read/Write access to every campaign in Campaign Management


Supervisor : Read only access to every campaign in Campaign Management

 
The application thus enables the call center administrator to assign the control of different campaigns to different Campaign Managers.
 
There is no need to give access of the Cisco UCCX admin interface to campaign managers which has much more complicated multiple configurations than just for day to day changes to be made for running of campaigns.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/133728/

name: MARS Phone Background Image
description: MARS Phone Background Image application is used to set the screen background image of Cisco IP Phone.
Application administrator can set the image of multiple phones in a single action.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/133731/

name: MARS Directory & Caller Details
description: MARS Directory & Caller Details application for Cisco IP Phones enables enterprise users to store and view phone numbers of external contacts and also view enterprise contacts location wise. Thus it enhances the power and search capability of the standard Directory Search mechanism in CISCO Call Manager.When an incoming call lands on the cisco IP phone if the CLI of the incoming call is present in the application directory database then the caller details will be displayed in the Cisco IP Phone screen.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/133735/

name: Nectar Unified Communications Management Platform
description: Nectar’s Unified Communications Management Platform (UCMP) is revolutionizing the way in which enterprise businesses and service providers manage their voice, video, and web collaboration applications, systems, and networks. Our vendor-agnostic approach provides the ability to maintain a complete, centralized, multi-vendor UC environment with a single tool.

Whether your business leverages Microsoft Skype for Business, Cisco, Avaya, or any other platform, UCMP can bring clarity to business processes and complex UC interdependencies while  providing real-time visibility into each UC user’s experience – giving you actionable performance information for faster issue resolution.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/138997/

name: AKIPS Network Monitor
description: AKIPS Network Monitor is a scalable network performance monitoring solution, engineered to comfortably run in a VM.
AKIPS does the heavy lifting of data collection, storage, analysis, reportingand alerting that is beyond the capabilities of products.
AKIPS is a tool for network engineers, yet simple enough for CIOs and nontechnical staff. Its simple and intuitive user interface has been engineeredso users navigate through their data instead of complex controls.
Our goal is to deliver a fully featured turn-key monitoring solution at acommodity price.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/140845/

name: TRAFip
description: TRAFip provides various views on IP network traffic, allowing the network administrator to be aware of the type of traffic that is flowing through the network. TRAFip is able to show, for instance, which applications are flowing on a particular wan or lan connection and it can also send alarms based on policy violations for a specific application on that link. TRAFip can also detect various suspect traffic patterns based on its internal algorithms, which represents a great value specially for service providers.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/141640/

name: NextGen Recorder
description: HigherGround has partnered with Cisco Systems to provide best-in-class integration recording solutions for users of Cisco's Unified Communications Manager and Instant Connect applications. Recording communications enables user's to capture customer interactions, improve customer satisfaction, increase productivity, protect against liability, and reconstruct incidents accuratley and efficiently. In short, it helps businesses grow by connecting with customers and to save costs through gains in efficiency and protection against costly exposures.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/141853/

name: NetFlow Analyzer
description: NetFlow Analyzer is complete traffic analytics tool, leverages flow technologies to provide real-time visibility into the network bandwidth performance. It collects, analyzes and reports at interface level about how your network bandwidth is used and by whom. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/142336/

name: Bayshore IT/OT Gateway
description: The Bayshore IT/OT Gateway™ unlocks the power of the Industrial Internet by connecting OT data to industrial applications.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/143852/

name: Avocent ACS8000
description: The Vertiv™ Avocent ® ACS advanced console server series offers upgraded and advanced features that deliver scalable and high performance solutions for IT administrators requiring;

Secure in-band and out-of-band access
Secure console and power management
Server and network management for the Data center and the Edge
Secure access to test and development lab environments
Secure access to Telco central office, remote facilities
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/144724/

name: NTWphone
description: (update before publishing)
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/147031/

name: ES200 - GW104
description: ES200 is an IoT RTU/Gateway with multiple use cases in Utility Market, especially Energy Distribution. With its multi-protocol implementation IEC 61850, DNP3.0, Modbus, etc, it is vendor agnostic, allowing SCADA connectivity for any vendor to a central SCADA system using IEC 60870-5-104.
Having a SCADA RTU/Gateway virtualized on an IR809 or other IOX devices allows rapid deployment and easy long term management allowing a low TCO.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/147567/

name: Verint Workforce Optimization
description: Verint® Workforce Optimization™ is a suite of unified software and services that can help you deliver smarter engagement and real-time guidance across the interaction channels and areas of your enterprise that impact the customer experience, from contact centers and branch offices to the underlying back-office processes for service delivery. It can provide you with unprecedented visibility into the people, processes, and work across  multiple functional areas of your organization, helping you:

Capture and analyze customer interactions, journeys, and sentiments across channels.
Enhance the quality and security of customer interactions.  Drive deeper engagement with customers and employees.
Improve internal processes and compliance.
Boost employee productivity and performance.
Uncover business trends and areas of opportunity.

With Verint Workforce Optimization, you can transform raw data into Actionable Intelligence®, so you can understand what’s happening in your business and why — and make better, faster, and easier decisions.

Provides visibility and real-time guidance for enhancing customer service processes and workforce performance.
Helps organizations use omnichannel data to make better, faster, and easier decisions that can optimize customer engagement and employee productivity, drive revenue and competitive advantage, and enhance compliance and security.
Provides the industry’s most unified, mature workforce optimization platform, with unmatched depth of functionality, simplified system administration and maintenance, real-time enterprise collaboration, intuitive interfaces and navigation, and reduced total cost of ownership.
Offers further return on investment through expert consulting services.

 
Verint® Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: VRNT) is a global leader in Actionable Intelligence® solutions for customer engagement optimization, security intelligence, and fraud, risk and compliance.
Today, more than 10,000 organizations in over 180 countries use Verint solutions to improve enterprise performance and make the world a safer place. Learn more at www.verint.com.
Americas Europe, Middle East & Africa Asia Pacific info@verint.com info.emea@verint.com info.apac@verint.com
            1-800-4VERINT                                                     +44(0) 1932 839500                                            +(852) 2797 5678
*Note Version 11.1 and prior were named Verint Impact 360® Workforce Optimization™. Version 11.2 and later are named Verint® Workforce Optimization™.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/150811/

name: Scrutinizer Incident Response System
description: By collecting, processing and analyzing network traffic, Scrutinizer™ helps security teams identify internal and Internet bound threats trying to exfiltrate confidential corporate assets. When problems surface, Scrutinizer is often the first system called upon to investigate the traffic pattern of the incident. Beyond detecting targeted attack traffic, Scrutinizer is also utilized to investigate application performance issues.  Benefits include:

Stronger security measures against zero day threats, bots and Advanced Persistent Threats
Greater detail into traffic traversing your virtual infrastructures
Greater insight into the volume and type of applications running on the network
Peace of mind that intellectual property is protected and confidentiality is being maintained
Scalable appliances capable of flow collection across large datacenters. Support for millions of flows per second in distributed flow collection environments.
Faster resolution of issues impacting business operations

Plixer engineers work very closely with Cisco to deliver the most advanced NetFlow Analyzer for all Cisco Flexible NetFlow and IPFIX templates.   The Scrutinizer system delivers detailed reports on all unique elements exported in flow data (E.g. URLs, packet loss, response time, TCP window size, layer 7 application, VoIP jitter, packet loss, codec, etc.). Scrutinizer provides hundreds of Advanced Cisco, VMware, Citrix and other types of NetFlow and IPFIX Reports on the following:

Application Visibility and Control - VoIP, TCP reporting with metrics on HTTP Hosts visited
Performance Agent
Performance Monitoring (Medianet) - voice, video and TCP reporting
Performance Routing
Cisco ASA NSEL Reporting - integration with Cisco ISE and Microsoft Active Directory for user names
Cisco Trust Sec
NetFlow-Lite
NBAR and NBAR2
Citrix NetScaler
Report Designer - Design your own reports if Scrutinizer doesn't include what you need
Mailinizer - Report on Mail server logs (E.g. who is emailing who?)
IP Grouping by subnet, IP, and range
Define application groups by IP and ports
Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC)
Cisco High Speed Logging
Extensive support for Riverbed, Citrix, Palo Alto, SonicWALL, Exinda, Juniper, Bluecoat, Gigamon, IBM, nProbe, VMWare, Extreme Networks, and dozens of other vendors with proprietary reports unique to their export.

Our award winning solution can also alarm for excessive amounts of any of the above or a combination.  Please contact Plixer.com for details.
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/151467/

name: Virtualization with SDS
description: Server and desktop virtualization environments require highly-available block storage that can deliver consistent performance with minimal downtime. QuantaStor Software Deﬁned Storage appliances are designed with high-availability and scale-out features needed for mission-critical desktop and server virtualization solutions. (VAAI certified).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/151548/

name: Titan FTP Server
description: Titan FTP Server is an Enterprise Server and a preferred server for Cisco Unified Communication Manager (CUCM) Backups.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/151938/

name: OnTraQ
description: OnTraQ offers a unique approach to keeping UCCE and UCCX call centers on track – at a price point unmatched in today’s market. OnTraQ is focused on delivering superior dashboards and reports so supervisors and managers have the best analytics to drive their call center’s performance at a fraction of the traditional system cost.
But OnTraQ is not just all about saving money. OnTraQ provides visibility and insight into the key metrics to keep call centers running at a high level of performance. You view the information you need, when you need it, and then can make the timely adjustments to meet your performance objectives. Live views, dashboards and historical reporting are available within the same application and easily accessible with a few mouse clicks.
OnTraQ offers affordable, world-class analytics for any size Cisco UCCX/UCCE inbound call center. OnTraQ has the right answers, at the right price to keep your call centers on track. It is that simple!
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/152085/

name: AleFIT MAB Keeper
description: The AleFIT MAB Keeper application allows the management of certain settings of the authentication system without having access to the configuration GUI of the Cisco ISE. Access rights are assigned based on the administration roles. Thanks to the easy and ergonomic user interface, administrators do not need to have detailed knowledge of the Cisco ISE. Operations can be carried out directly using the GUI or automatically using the built-in REST API. Individual operations are processed in workflows and divided into separate modules.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/152957/

name: 1G Media Conversion Solution
description: This solution offers 1G media conversion to and from: Copper (TX) to Fiber (SX, LX, ZX) Fiber (SX, LX, ZX) to Copper (TX) Fiber Short range (SX) to Long range (LX or ZX). Media conversion allows for utilization of current appliances by normalizing connectivity between the network without losing packets, creating timing issues or introducing latency.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153067/

name: High Density 1U or 2U Chassis Solution - TAP up to 12 Individual 1G Links
description: High Density - TAP 12 Individual 1G links in a 2U Space
1U and 2U 1G Chassis System for Modular Bypass TAPs

Ideal for data centers and media conversion
1U holds up to 4 TAPS; 2U holds up to 12 TAPs
Remote management option with CLI or GUI
Hot swappable
Supports: Copper RJ-45 and short and long range fiber (SX, LX, ZX)
Bypass taps are configurable to breakout, aggregation, regeneration/SPAN modes

url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153100/

name: EdgeLens 12 Port In-line and Out-of-Band with Packet Broker Solution
description: Manage the Edge of your network by managing 1G or 10G links to your ASA FirePOWER IPS - the same data is uilized for up to eight out-of-band monitoring tools where you can implement session aware load balancing. With a total of 10 ports you can TAP any 1G to 10G combination. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153103/

name: 24 Port In-Line and Out-of-Band Packet Broker with Four 1G/10G Bypass TAPs
description: Take your Cisco appliance offline without interrupting data traffic for: Updates, Maintenance and Troubleshooting.
The Garland Technology 24-port EdgeLens® provides connectivity for up to four (4) in-line 1G/10G circuits and up to eight (8) 1G or 10G out-of band monitoring appliances. The 1U system is able to filter, aggregate and sesson aware load balance - allowing your tools to receive specific data streams.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153105/

name: SmartCabinet for Digital Ceiling
description: The SmartCabinet™ for Digital Ceiling contains all supporting infrastructure required to successfully deploy your Cisco Digital Ceiling system in up to 9,600 sq ft. This cabinet is specifically designed to support up to 4 Cisco 3850 switches, with up to 24 60W, PoE ports on each switch, for a maximum of 96 PoE end-points.
The SmartCabinet™ for Digital Ceiling delivers power conditioning and back-up, remote monitoring, remote access, and enhances the physical security of your Digital Ceiling solution. It replaces the research and planning usually necessary to properly support your Digital Ceiling system with  the convenience of a single SKU specifically designed for your application.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153168/

name: MH-CURE
description: Our MH-CURE™ enterprise mobility solution transforms smartphones into a powerful tool for streamlining clinical communication and collaboration workflow. Based on our Clinical Urgent REsponse (CURE) technology, it enables care team members to connect with each other and share pertinent, patient-specific information—quickly and efficiently—wherever they are.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153488/

name: Ekahau B4 Staff Badge
description: 

The Ekahau B4 Staff Badge

Designed for staff or visitor tracking applications
Can receive and send text messages
Has a pull switch for triggering alarms to show location
Has call buttons to enable acknowledgements and alerts
Uses remotely-activated audio buzzers and LEDs for on-board alerting
Has environmentally-friendly rechargeable batteries



url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153587/

name: Ekahau W4 Wristband (Active RFID/RTLS)
description: Ekahau’s wearable W4 wristband tag includes two colored LEDs which signal events to the tag wearer, in addition to vibration-based alerting. Patients can request help or acknowledge calls. W4 tags are re-chargeable. They feature a comfortable, water-proof watch-like design, dual alarm indication with LED and vibration, detachable wristbands for faster cleaning and a top barcode for simplified #ID scanning.Ekahau tags are certified under the Cisco Compatible Extensions (CCX) program to operate with Cisco Wi-Fi infrastructure and Cisco MSE. Ekahau RTLS software and hardware are Cisco Compatible, and Ekahau is a Cisco Developer Network partner with Assurewave certification. The T301W tag is waterproof allowing it to be thoroughly sanitized after use.
 
 
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153589/

name: Ekahau Infrared LB Location Beacon (RTLS)
description: Airista Flow LB2 infrared (IR) Location Beacon offers optional, micro-zone location accuracy for the Airista Flow Real-Time Location System (RFID-over-Wi-Fi). Airista Flow & wire-free, low-cost infrared (IR) beacons can achieve bay, bed, or chair-level accuracy (~3ft/1m). The Cisco wireless infrastructure & decodes & the beacon flashes so that the Airista Flow Vision software can make use of this information. Unlike competing systems, Airista Flow LB2 is a battery-powered, zero-cabling solution to wired alternatives and proprietary reader technology.
Airista Flow tags are certified under the Cisco Compatible Extensions program to operate with Cisco Wi-Fi infrastructure and Cisco MSE. Airista Flow RTLS software and hardware are Cisco Compatible, and Airista Flow is a Cisco Developer Network partner with Assurewave certification.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153591/

name: NICE Trading Recording
description: (update before publishing)
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/153745/

name: Tiger Prism (Business Intelligence for Unified Communications)
description: Tiger Prism is an analytics and reporting tool used to measure and monitor the cost, performance and adoption of Cisco Unified Communications (UC) solutions. Billing, security and fraud detection are also key components of the Prism software.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/154191/

name: Avotus Enhanced Usage Reporting for Cisco
description: Avotus Enhanced Usage Reporting for Cisco offers a number of value propositions:

Tracking and exception reporting across all UC features detects abuse and ensures compliance with corporate guidelines and regulatory requirements
Traditional call accounting (CDR reports)
Wireless Reporting (Mobility)
Telecom Cost Allocation (across departments & usage types)
Compliance and auditing – “Lookup” type detail reports
Asset Management
Telecom Traffic & Engineering Statistics (including CMR based reports)
Emergency and threat call response
Protect your organization from misuse, fraud, or litigation
Comply with State, Provincial, Municipal or local data retention policies
Assist Law Enforcement investigations
Save money by reducing unnecessary wireline or wireless spend
Multiple site visibility & management on one platform
Integrates with 130 PBX platforms for multi-vendor visibility
Reports can be used to respond to litigation

url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/154470/

name: Utelogy Enterprise Telepresence Room Control
description: Utelogy is a software-defined, Audio Visual platform for controlling, monitoring and maintaining conference rooms and classrooms.
Using Utelogy, meeting planners, teachers and faculty can avoid wasting the initial 10 minutes of every session setting up and configuring audio and video conferencing equipment, screens, displays, audio volume and other collaboration tools and room facilities.
The platform is standards-based so there’s no proprietary programming to slow you down giving IT departments the scalability and flexibility to manage and monitor rooms and entire campuses in real-time.  It's software-based so it's easy to install, configure and manage.  It's also virtualized and hosted on your network and computers you already have so it allows you to leverage common IT skills in your department.  You can use it to consolidate and coordinate AV and IT resources across your campus.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/154625/

name: Cisco Connected Rail
description: LILEE solutions for Freight support essential safety and operational systems, including Positive Train Control for the North American market. LILEE’s rail-certified communications hardware and systems management software provides industry-leading reliability and manageability used by most of the U.S. Class 1 railroads.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/155257/

name: Oracle Service Cloud CX -  CTI Connector
description: Integrates Oracle Service Cloud CX (also known as Oracle RightNow) to Cisco Unified Contact Center Express, Enterprise or PCCE for CTI (Computer Telephony Integration) call controls in the Oracle Service Cloud interface, eliminating the need for agents to switch between different applications.
Besides voice, the connector supports multimedia collaboration channels such as Email, Chat, SMS and Social Media for both UCCX and UCCE platforms. In case of UCCX, we use our Media Routing Engine and for UCCE, we use Cisco Unified Queuing APIs.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/155613/

name: Netgraph Guest Access
description: "Providing your guest with Internet access should be as natural as offering a cup of coffee - and should take no longer. That’s why we have developed a cloud-based solution that works on any network, just as we would like "
Netgraph Connect is a feuture-rich guest access solution that works on any wired and wireless network.
And more, besides providing new and smart guest sign-in functionality and Spark Bot Assistance the platform also offers true multi-tenancy and scalability suitable for service providers (MSPs).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/155856/

name: Consilium UniCloud UC & CC Provisoning
description: Consilium UniCloud™ is a real-time, centralized and fully automated service delivery and management platform designed specifically to address the challenges involved in deploying and managing complex UC&C environments. UniCloud™ platform enables Service Providers and large enterprises to initiate and manage enterprise collaboration services –such as advanced telephony, presence, mobility, in real-time and centrally administer the entire environment from a single unified interface.
UniCloud™ is a solution that reduces technical complexity, speeds implementation, cuts costs, and provides an integrated platform from which new services can be launched as and when required. The UniCloud™ platform enables the application to rapidly perform bulk provisioning across various UC&C applications concurrently using pre-defined Rules and User Templates, with support to full UC&C lifecycle –Design, Deploy and Manage.
UniCloud™ also provides a self- care portal which enables end user to manage his Unified communications environment. It allows the end user to manage Voicemail Configuration, Voicemail PIN reset, Video / Audio Conferencing, International Dialing facility, Music on Hold, Caller ID Privacy control etc.
Following are the main benefits:

Reduces skill level required for administration
Easier moves, adds, changes and deletions (MACD)
Dynamic scalability
Increased Customer Satisfaction
Decreases margin of error
Removes Vendor lock-in through its Multi-vendor capabilities
Faster roll out of services
Offers Multi-vendor support thereby offering choices of range of prices, improves service delivery, provides geographical flexibility and reduces risks and costs

url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/155959/

name: Smiddle Recording
description: Smiddle Recording is an enterprise extension to the Cisco Contact Center and Cisco Unified Communications offerings, designed to meet the business needs and challenges facing the business in the contact center. It is a complex, reliable, modern system used for the purpose of recording, listening, managing records, archiving and receiving call statistics.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/156056/

name: LumenVox Automated Speech Recognition, Text-to-Speech, Call Progress Analysis, Speech Tuner
description: The LumenVox Automated Speech Recognizer (ASR) is a software solution that converts spoken audio into text, providing users with a more efficient means of input. Less time spent in data input frees up resources that can be used more effectively.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/156289/

name: Spectralink IP-DECT Server 400/6500
description: The IP-DECT Servers 400 & 6500 are the optimal mobility solution for on-premise personnel in various verticals like Healthcare, Retail and Manufacturing, where voice, alerts and notification is a priority.

Both Solutions are built for scalability allowing installations with support for 1 to 4.096 Users(devices) as SIP endpoints on your Cisco Unified Communications Platforms.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/156650/

name: Smart Parking Solutions
description: CivicSmart’s mission is to support the emergence of Smart Cities by revolutionizing Smart Parking Solutions around the world through advanced technologies and comprehensive cloud-based data management. Our fundamental business is to provide municipal leaders with the parking technologies they need to better manage and unlock the value of scarce curb space, gather previously unavailable information about on-street vehicle movements and motorist behavior, deliver unprecedented convenience to motorists, and help Smart Cities build a practical platform for innovation. We offer the latest innovations in product design, product features, and flexible device applications at the absolute best value in order to provide the highest return on our clients’ investment.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/156931/

name: Bridge
description: Sensible's Bridge solution is an accurate and low-cost solution for estimating occupancy in building zones. Stop wasting energy on vacant spaces by using the Bridge to automate air conditioning. Bridge uses existing asset information, along with Cisco CMX Wi-Fi activity data, to enable occupant-demand control of building heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems. The Bridge is virtual and real-time, no need to install any hardware such as motion detectors, video cameras, or physical sensors.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/156941/

name: PhonEX ONE Unified Communications Analytics
description: PhonEX ONE analytics is suitable for companies of any size in a broad range of environments (financial institutions, government, automotive, healthcare, real estate, education and social responsibility). We offer a fully web-based solution for communication management and control, providing intelligent tracking of media types specific to unified communications environment as well as traditional/VoIP PBXs, cellular activity and carrier data traffic.
MIND’s analytics solution delivers advanced billing and reporting, traffic analysis, abuse and misuse detection tools to organizations around the world, helping executives to reduce operational costs, improve employee productivity, monitor network activity, bandwidth and quality, report usage for efficient network resources allocation.

PhonEX ONE analytics embraces today’s business challenges by offering world-class reporting services, simplified use, optimized productivity, together with enhanced monitoring and fast ROI.
Due to increased communication usage, telecommunication expenses have become typically part of top five items in an organization’s overall budget. Studies ran on a sample of customers have shown that PhonEX ONE reporting solution can optimize networks and reduce communications cost by up to 30%. 

Without a Call Management system the allocation of costs across offices is very difficult and time-consuming even in standardized, global Unified Communications environments but PhonEX ONE can make things easy and justifies the initial investment (quick ROI). Although call cost is not the major issue anymore, providing users with access to their data usage increases employee’s awareness that eventually conducts to reduced bills and boosts productivity. Moreover, detailed usage reports allow OPEX department to look for calling patterns and properly negotiate the right packages with telecom providers.

In a unified environment supporting voice, video and data, PhonEX ONE will manage multi-service networks and allow an efficient control of budgets across the enterprise, its business units and users; moreover, a dedicated component is focused on sending alerts whenever an abnormal behavior is identified in order to efficiently detect network abuse or fraud that may unnecessarily raise costs.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/156995/

name: LANAWARE
description: LANAWARE is a cloud managed, premise connected solution. The portfolio consists of the Managed Xperience Portal (MXP) providing branded multi-tennant management and provisioning for partners and customers alike. The MXP is the central cloud portal to adopt customers, claim nodes, assign customers, provision jobs and generate Partner branded custom reports. The Cloud based MXP and the premise connected MDE engines, provide a manageable and scalable platform, offering modern age network discoveries with automated device discoveries, network mapping, port security vulnerabilities and post network monitoring services.   LANAWARE has the unique ability to deliver complete Partner branded documentation that includes the following:

Your Logo
Highly Detailed SOW
Your Rates
Your customized products
Your Distinguished Professional Services Offering

 The LANAWARE solution automates the discovery and the documentation, getting you directly to rapid remediation!
The LANAWARE-MDE - LANAWARE Managed Discoveries Engine is offered as an industrialized 7" wall or table top chassis or available as a 1U 19" rack mountable chassis.  The cloud provisioned network discovery appliance easily installs on a customer network. LANAWARE auto discovers all connected devices, executes a port security vulnerability scan and provides a partner branded detailed security report inclusive of a complete statement of work.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/157162/

name: Monitoring Cisco devices with PRTG
description: As a network administrator, you know about the power and importance of Cisco devices. Whether you use Cisco routers, switches, access points, or VoIP (Voice over IP) solutions within your network-PRTG Network Monitor provides the exactly right sensor that will deliver the data you need to keep your network running smoothly. 
Being a member of the Cisco Developer Network, we not only have long-term experience with Cisco, but also in gathering important information from these devices and placing them at your disposal.
Besides offering several sensors that you can use with Cisco systems (for example, NetFlow sensors), PRTG offers 7 sensors specifically designed to monitor Cisco devices.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/157751/

name: Atlas-X1 Cat 6A System
description: The highest performing, robust Cat 6A system ideal for demanding mission-critical networks.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/158244/

name: Spaces
description: Spaces from Cloud4Wi enables companies to use on-site behavioral data for more informed decisions and increased understanding of their effectiveness. Using Cloud4Wi Spaces, companies can analyze the foot traffic to their locations and discover relevant trends. They can also analyze foot traffic distribution across different hours of the day and the days of the week, and across different areas within their locations.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/158297/

name: QWASI Meraki Solution
description: WALK IN NOTIFICATIONS, WELCOME, AND DWELL COMMUNICATION FOR MERAKI
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/158417/

name: IncMan
description: IncMan SOAR is the only Security Orchestration, Automation and Response (SOAR) platform capable of full incident lifecycle automation, that includes built-in, automated threat intelligence gathering, risk assessment, triage and notification, context enrichment, hunting and investigating, threat containment and more.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/158652/

name: Logitech PTZ Pro 2
description: Logitech PTZ Pro 2 ConferenceCam delivers premium optics and life-like video to create the experience of sitting together in the same room. Outstanding image resolution, color reproduction, and optical accuracy make PTZ Pro 2 an ideal choice for large conference rooms and auditoriums. Upgraded motor assembly enables fluid movement from preset to preset. Precision lens automatically focuses on people and objects to deliver sharp resolution.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/158865/

name: eGain Solve for Cisco
description: eGain Solve for Cisco Unified CCE is an award-winning, end-to-end solution for omnichannel customer engagement, guided by knowledge and AI.  Available through the Cisco SolutionsPlus Program, the eGain Solve suite adds best-in-class digital self-service, proactive chat, agent knowledge, AI, and omnichannel analytics capabilities to Cisco Unified CCE.
Embedded in Cisco Finesse desktop, eGain Solve for Cisco includes:

Universal omnichannel routing and queuing across digital and voice touchpoints
Unified omnichannel customer view, reporting and analytics, and user provisioning and management
Seamless Cisco Finesse desktop experience with Solve button for one-click access to fast, accurate and consistent answers, and process guidance from centralized, AI-infused knowledge from eGain

url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/158873/

name: InfiniBox F-Series
description: At INFINIDAT, we believe we need to move from the traditional, vendor-centric thinking of how to extract more money from a disk drive or an array, to how can we help businesses extract more insights from as much data possible, in order to foster their competitive business process.
INFINIDAT set out to build a storage solution that will enable businesses to take control of their storage environments from both a cost and management perspective. The strength of INFINIDAT is its enterprise-proven storage architecture, designed from the ground up for data-intensive business applications. The architecture supports the unparalleled high level of availability, ultra-high performance, and scalability that enterprises demand, all at a disruptive price point. At the same, this architecture helps reduce OpEx due to its extreme density, ease of management, and energy efficiency. The result is a storage architecture that negates the need to compromise on the fundamentals of availability, performance, and scalability, at a compelling low total cost of ownership (TCO).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/159319/

name: Low Cost and High Density IDS Connectivity for Optical Fiber Networks
description: Save your budget and rack space with deployment of Network Critical passive optical TAPs for connection of Cisco FirePOWER NGFW appliances configured for IDS. Using SlimLine Optical TAPs for out-of-band appliance deployments is safe and simple.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/159867/

name: Ixia BiDi Flex Tap
description: The Ixia Flex Tap™ provide reliable continuous visibility of
100% of network traffic to support performance and
security with no network performance degradation or
disruption.

Flex Taps are flexible and scalable, each Tap in the
family is modular, can supports speeds up to 100G, and
is 100 percent passive. Flex Taps are available in
multimode and single mode fiber varieties with split ratios
ranging from 50/50 up to 90/10. Depending on the model,
the Flex Tap is available with either LC or MTP (MPO)
connectors. Up to 36 taps can be deployed in a single 1U
19inch rack space.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/159902/

name: Cisco Umbrella Playbook
description: The Cisco Umbrella Playbook allows an Umbrella customer to block domains with a single click of the mouse when viewing the indicators in ThreatConnect.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/160231/

name: OCP Omichannel Customer Platform
description: An Omni-Channel digital cloud platform that uses indoor positioning with real time analytics, sales information and machine learning to understand customer behavior, measures store efficiency and increase synergies between in-store, digital channel and financial services, leveraging the in-store experience with the convenience of online shopping and fostering 1:1 engagement with customers.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/160506/

name: IntelePeer Voice Services for Spark Call
description: IntelePeer’s Atmosphere® Voice Services are directly integrated with Cisco Spark to power cloud calling & PBX. With an all-inclusive calling plan and instant provisioning, you're just one click away from making calls from any device.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/160784/

name: Tenfold Cisco CRM Integration
description: Tenfold NextGen CTI for Cisco UCM, UCCE, UCCX and Finesse integration with Salesforce, Dynamics, ServiceNow, Netsuite, SugarCRM, Bullhorn and Zendesk.  Improve customer experience.  Increase Productivity.  Capture better data.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/163094/

name: PhoneUP Attendant Console 4.2
description: PhoneUP Console is the attendant console for Cisco UCM: 3x faster call control, conference control, context-aware call dispatching.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/163372/

name: PhoneUP Call and Screen Recording 4.2
description: PhoneUP Record is a call recording and screen recording solution for Cisco UCM that integrates with Cisco MediaSense and Cisco UCCX.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/163373/

name: Voice Alert
description: Voice Alert is an alert management application for the Cisco Unified Communication Manager. Voice
Alert may be used to alert automatically a list of recipients and play a recorded audio message alert
or distribute text messages with an audible signal and vibration sent to the telephones.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/163377/

name: Adportas MessageKall
description: Adportas MessageKall is an IP paging solution designed to emit multicast audio and text messages for Cisco UC. Messages can be emitted directly from Cisco IP phones, IP speaker networks or analog speaker networks.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/163640/

name: Jabra Evolve 75e
description: Engineered to be the world’s first professional UC-certified wireless earbuds

- Skype for Business and Jabber certified wireless earbuds
- ANC and integrated busylight
- Fully charged in just 2 hours & up to 14 hours of battery
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/164372/

name: b+s Connects for Salesforce - UCM Edition
description: Bridge Salesforce CRM and Cisco Unified Communications Manager (UCM) with b+s Connects for Salesforce® UCM. The gadget makes fast, effective employee communication a reality by allowing users to do things like search, and then click-to-dial, with any matching Salesforce contact.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/165178/

name: Dassault Systemes 3DEXPERIENCE Platform with Cisco UCS
description: Solution Features
Virtualized desktop infrastructure (VDI) saves money and gives workers the tools they need. But with graphics-intensive applications, performance often suffers. Now, deliver a true 3D experience with a solution built on Cisco UCS™ C240 M4 rack servers with NVIDIA Tesla M60 GPUs:
•      Reduce risk because Dassault Systemes has certified this configuration to deliver outstanding performance 
•      Use CATIA software on any device with the required display resolution, including lower-cost zero and thin clients
•      Improve security and simplify collaboration because design files remain in the data center
•      Scale easily by adding Cisco UCS servers with NVIDIA GPUs
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/165225/

name: InformaCast Fusion
description: A SaaS solution for providing critical communications and alerts for all Cisco UC platforms (UCM, HCS, Broadsoft).  Core use case is to deliver workplace safety along with a unifying platform that brings in numerous 3rd party devices and creates a cohesive approach to delivering audio, text and image content when a company, school or gov't agency needs to reach all of its employees in seconds.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/165555/

name: WIZEYE
description: WIZEYE provides an easy way to visualize your workflows, processes and very own Internet of Things. Visualize and actualize your business operations from a single view, through a four-dimensional display canvas.

WIZEYE is operational technology (O/T) for line-of-business personnel to use in day-to-day execution of their job, leveraging their Enterprise-unique IoT.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/165888/

name: Revolution Notification Platform
description: Emergency Alerts, Mass Notification, & Advanced IP Paging Solutions for CUCM

Protect your people and assets with Syn-Apps Revolution software. Revolution transforms UC PBX systems into a powerful communication tool for mass notifications, emergency alerts, live broadcasts, scheduled bells, desktops, mobile alerting, and more! It serves as a unified platform to manage communications across disparate IP & analog endpoints – without having to replace your existing technology investments. 

Learn more: https://www.syn-apps.com/Products/Revolution-Notification-Platform
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/166191/

name: IMIchat
description: IMIchat is a cloud application built for Contact Centres to enable customer service agents to easily have live two-way conversations with customers across SMS, Facebook Messenger, Twitter, Web and Email, working alongside existing voice channels.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/166347/

name: McAfee Advanced Threat Detection for Cisco Email Security
description: Cisco Email Security Appliance interoperates with McAfee Advanced Threat Defense to identify
and forward unknown email attachments to McAfee ATD for in-depth analysis and identification
of potential zero-day threats. The Cisco Email Security Appliance can then take policy-based
remediation, such as deleting or quarantining the attachment, preventing the malware from
infecting and spreading into the internal network. This rich, multilayered defense reduces
the detection-to-protection timeframe and alleviates the ever-increasing workload facing
security professionals. The benefits to customers are better protection with fewer resource
requirements.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/166664/

name: IBM Security Resilent IRP
description: IBM Resilient Incident Response Platform (IRP) is the leading platform for orchestrating and automating incident response processes. IBM Resilient IRP quickly and easily integrates with your organization’s existing security and IT investments. It makes security alerts instantly actionable, provides valuable intelligence and incident context, and enables adaptive response to complex cyber threats. IBM Resilient IRP includes Dynamic Playbooks, that provide the agility, intelligence, and sophistication needed to contend with complex attacks, automatically adapting to real-time incident conditions.

Resilient’s open and agnostic platform integrates with Cisco security solutions. These apps are downloadable via the IBM Security App Exchange and provides a central hub for IR without having to pivot on disparate tools. Shared customers will see faster, more effective threat detection and response.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/166991/

name: Syncurity IR-Flow Integration for Cisco Umbrella
description: Syncurity IR-Flow Integration for Cisco Umbrella to automatically update an integration blacklist via the Umbrella Protect API.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168355/

name: Arara Wifi Analytics
description: Arara is the most sophisticated WiFi Analytics and Marketing solution. It helps companies improve customer loyalty by capturing GDPR-approved customer data, processing it, and delivering it to your CRM. It also helps firms customize communication with their customers in a very easy and powerful way, through Videos, Forms and promoting App Downloads. Even more, Arara helps you retarget those customers through social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram and Google. All this is delivered as a Service, monthly pay, and you can monitor it through our Dashboard Analytics. Try it !  We provide staff to support you in every part of the process !
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168503/

name: Conference Center
description: Telisca Conference Center is a web based audio and video conferences organization tool. It secures
and schedules Cisco Unified Communications Manager conferences. This application makes use of
audio and video conferences bridges resources available in the CUCM cluster and on the routers.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168569/

name: telisca Recording
description: telisca Recording solution is based on a Recording Manager and one or several Recording Agents.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168596/

name: Admin tools
description: All the tools you need to simplify your Cisco Telephony Administration tasks.
CUCMQuery - Query tool for CallManager database. Launch queries, navigate tables, update and extract data.
Delog-Relog - Apply changes to Device Profiles in bulk : logout all large numbers of users from Extension Mobility and log them back in as they were before.
Morning Check - Automate testing operations
Phone Remote - Automate testing operations
Phone Robot - Execute macro scripts of keystrokes remotely on your phones: change the network settings, delete security certificates, take a screenshot...
Pin and Password Manager - Solution for resetting PIN codes & passwords - for the user, for support or for the administrator
User to Phone Deployment - When Extension Mobility is not utilized: User to Phone Deployment
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168597/

name: UC Monitoring
description: Developed by experts in systems management innovation, the Optanix Platform is a comprehensive management solution used by enterprise support teams and global service providers to manage the largest and most complex Cisco® Unified Communications (UC) deployments in the world.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168635/

name: Infortel Select
description: ISI has been an industry leader in the Call Accounting and Reporting arena for over 30 years. With that much experience, we've learned a great deal about our customers and their needs. ISI's Call Accounting and Reporting platform solves most common and challenging needs our customers have, including:

Traffic Analysis

Traffic Analysis helps organizations determine if they are over or under trunked. Utilizing Traffic Analysis reports, an organization can identify their busy hours and how many trunks were used during those busy hours. From these metrics, they can establish the correct number of trunks needed to handle the busy hours at the grade-service they determine.

Employee Productivity

Business Intelligence reporting that enables organizations to measure and monitor employee productivity. Users can dive into metrics based on hours, days, or weeks, or can review call handling summary reports based on hourly data.

Abuse and Misuse Detection

If a company is concerned about their employees appropriate use of the telephone, including calling numbers they shouldn’t be calling, users can set customizable alarms within Infortel® Select to provide notification to managers of misuse and abuse of the company telecom system. This is particularly useful in high-traffic support areas where it is imperative that employees are communicating with customers rather than utilizing the phone system for personal use.

Contact Center Metrics

Contact Centers are solely designed to provide customers the ability to interact with a company about its products. Unanswered calls or calls landing in voicemail, are highly problematic and reflect poorly on an organization’s ability to provide useful and meaningful customer service. Infortel® Select offers detailed metrics on answered and abandoned calls, ring-time summaries, and hourly, daily, and monthly statistics, allowing companies to truly gauge their Call Center’s effectiveness and giving them the opportunity to be proactive with their customer service approach.

Carrier Bill Reconciliation

In the past, phone bills would be sent to one central location and a team of workers would spend days scrutinizing call records to make sure they were assigned to the right department and free from erroneous charges. This took time, staffing, and an understanding that “room for error” applied to the process. Fortunately, organizations no longer have to devote hours reviewing carrier bills by hand. Infortel® Select allows users to perform Carrier Bill Reconciliation in minutes rather than days, and eliminates the need for extra staff and additional QC. Carrier Bill Reconciliation reports help identify erroneously listed calls, mistimed calls, and calls billed at incorrect rates.

Cost Allocation

Infortel® Select has a series of reports that can identify which telecom costs should be billed to which franchise, department, or employee. Companies can review listings of each call made or received by employees and departments, including information identifying dates, times, durations, trunk facilities used, call costs, digits dialed, and destinations.

Cost Reduction

At it's core, Infortel® Select focuses on providing a proper reporting engine for the raw data collected from telecom sources that allows companies the opportunity to make proper business decisions in order to save money.

Tenant Billing

Tenant Billing Reports provide information to enable users to bill call activity back to tenants, contractors, vendors, other users or departments. Tenant Billing Reports are included on three levels: owner level, organization level, and summary.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/168949/

name: Wall and Hard Ceiling Surface Mounts - Hi-Bar™
description: Oberon’s Hi-Bar mounts and enclosures are ideal for securing, protecting, and concealing APs, cabling, and antennas on walls and hard ceilings. Designed for professional Wi-Fi installations in commercial, healthcare, and education venues.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/169756/

name: Agent Guidance Scripts
description: Agents use scripted conversation guides for inbound and outbound calls to manage certain use-cases in a pre-defined consistent manner.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/169931/

name: Siemplify
description: Siemplify and Cisco AMP work together to provide security operations teams with powerful and easy to use detection and response capabilities. Integrating Cisco AMP' capabilities with Siemplify's Security Orchestration and Automation platform gives SOC teams a fully integrated solution that drives more effective and efficient security event identification and incident response.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/170361/

name: Phone Remote
description: telisca Phone Remote is an application that allows the administrator to take control of a Cisco IP phone remotely. The administrator can see the phone screen and launch keys on the phone via a web browser.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/170924/

name: Afiniti for HCS
description: Afiniti is the world’s leading applied artificial intelligence and advanced analytics provider. Afiniti Enterprise Behavioral Pairing™ uses artificial intelligence to identify subtle and valuable patterns of human interaction in order to pair individuals on the basis of behavior, leading to more successful interactions and measurable increases in enterprise profitability.

Afiniti operates throughout the world, and has measurably driven billions of dollars in incremental value to its clients. Afiniti has over 150 deployments in major enterprises across a range of sectors, including telecommunications, insurance, financial services, hospitality and healthcare, and has optimized more than 600,000 agents and 700 million customers. Afiniti’s technology continually learns and improves, analyzing 1.3 million interactions every day to refine its pairings.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/171591/

name: Akkadian Contact Manager
description: Akkadian Contact Manager provides one, easy-to-use and manage, company directory that’s accessible across all devices, including Jabber, mobile, Cisco IP conference room phones, Cisco IP desktop phones, Cisco video units, and the web. Mobile apps are available for Android and iOS.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/171957/

name: Accedian SkyLIGHT PVX: Application QoE Assured vCPE and SD-WAN
description: Accedian's SkyLIGHT PVX is a unified network-based application performance management (NPM/APM) solution that combines advanced end-user experience monitoring, network performance monitoring and real-time transaction insight. Full stack application QoE assurance made easy.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/172120/

name: Mobileiron UEM and Cisco AnyConnect
description: Cisco AnyConnect provides reliable and easy-to-deploy encrypted network connectivity from mobile devices, delivering persistent corporate access for users on the go. Whether accessing business email, a virtual desktop session, or other mobile applications, AnyConnect enables business-critical application connectivity.

Using MobileIron to deploy and configure Cisco AnyConnect for mobile devices offers the broadest OS and application support while providing robust security and a seamless end-user experience. Please refer to the attached collateral or reach out to us to know more about all the supported methods of deployment and configuring Cisco AnyConnect app today.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/172826/

name: RC6-CST
description: 300' single CAT6 extension solution for the SpeakerTrack 60 and SX80/Codec Pro codecs, providing Dual HDMI, Ethernet and Power.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/173058/

name: PeterConnects Emergency Assistant
description: The PeterConnects EmergencyAssistant is designed to support how organisations handle internal and external emergency calls such as 911 and 4444.
Provides organisations with the ability to response quickly and efficiently to all emergencies and ensure employees are safe at all times.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/173678/

name: VOSS Assurance
description: VOSS Assurance integrates with VOSS-4-UC to enrich the data needed for monitoring and fault detection leading to faster resolution. Add business context to the technical data available from your UC solution to ensure quality service delivery.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/173754/

name: Carbyne c-Lite NG9-1-1 Plugin for Public Safety
description: Carbyne’s high-availability plugin, c-Lite, provides NG911 functionality to Public Safety agencies currently using legacy call-handling software, enabling pinpoint dynamic location, integration with CKC sensors, live video streaming,and chat to 911 functionality. No integration needed. Cost effective. No app required.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/174532/

name: Text-to-Speech
description: POWERING THE DIGITAL VOICE ECONOMY

Advanced voice solutions using deep learning.

ReadSpeaker combines machine learning and flexible deployment pathways to create a digital voice that speaks to your audience.

Use our VoiceLab to create a bespoke, emotionally enhanced voice or choose from a library of 200 existing voices in over 50 languages to meet any application, budget, or deployment timeline.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/174583/

name: NovelVox Universal Connector
description: NovelVox makes it easy with Universal Connector; you can now integrate your core business applications including CRM, Ticketing, Bespoke Applications, Internal Database, Legacy Systems and more. It provides omnichannel customer experience capabilities. With NovelVox Universal Connector, contact center agents would no longer be required to switch screens to answer a call. You will be able to integrate all the necessary information in a single screen and customize the view of data on the agent desktop as per industry requirements. This will reduce your AHT and better your FCR.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/174702/

name: Cisco Finesse Supervisor Desktop
description: NovelVox’s Cisco Finesse Supervisor Desktop will enable a supervisor to do more and effectively manage his/her team. It is custom built to suit the exact business requirements and can be integrated to back offices such as CRMs, inventory or payment systems. Cisco Finesse Supervisor Desktop provides the supervisors with a ‘helicopter’ view of the data so that informed decisions can be made on operation decisions, re-skilling or resourcing.  Cisco Finesse Supervisor Desktop will boost contact center productivity and empower agents to achieve their KPIs quickly.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/174710/

name: Farlon UCC Desktop
description: Farlon UCC Desktop is a supplement or alternative to Cisco Finese desktop.

Farlon UCC Desktop is an application, and in basic mode, the functions, shortcut, etc. are. The same as Cisco CAD. In normal mode, we added a lot of useful features to make the agents work easy and even more efficient
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175011/

name: ExtendedCare
description: We help improve clinical, operational, and financial outcomes in healthcare. The ExtendedCare suite of  modular, video-rich patient experience and telehealth solutions “closes the communications gaps” in key moments of transition as patient care shifts between ambulatory, acute, and post-acute settings. By closing these gaps, we help drive improvements in the outcomes that define success.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175096/

name: Instant Connect
description: Any network. Any device. Anytime. Anywhere. Instant Connect seamlessly links mobile, radio, telephony, and dispatch in a single device-independent communications environment. We're working with today's leaders in mining, oil and gas, public safety, transportation, utilities, and other sectors to optimize worker safety, operational efficiency, and incident response.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175139/

name: MXA910 Ceiling Array Microphone
description: With versatile mounting options, the MXA910 delivers speech that’s naturally intelligible, giving you widespread coverage for AV needs of all sizes. Collaboration. Presentation. Training. With no mics or cables in the way, you’re free to speak, and clear to connect.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175704/

name: MXA310 Table Array Microphone
description: The MXA310 integrates smartly into any space. Boardrooms. Huddle rooms. Multi-purpose areas. You can ensure speech is captured accurately and reproduced intelligibly. With Steerable Coverage™ and a low profile design, it removes unnecessary clutter, giving you even more clarity.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175705/

name: ClearIP
description: ClearIP is the fastest, easiest, most precise, least-disruptive software to prevent telecom fraud and robocalls. It provides precision blacklisting, CNAM, reputation lookup and least cost routing and caller ID authentication and verification using STIR/SHAKEN. Hosted in the cloud for fast, easy deployment and cost savings. Works well with Cisco BroadWorks, Cisco CallManager, and Cisco Unified Border Element (CUBE).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175747/

name: IPX Series IP Visual Displays
description: AtlasIED’s new IPX series of IP Visual Displays are the evolution of the Visual signaling IP endpoint category, maintaining the foundational features found in previous models that have been serving the market for almost 20 years.

IPX Series displays are designed to function in spaces that may not require a traditional speaker but do require visual communication via the integrated LCD screen and LED flashers. And just like our IPX IP Speakers, IPX Visual displays compliment Cisco’s Unified Communications investment including on-premises and hosted infrastructure platforms so that visual alerts can be pushed into high ambient noise areas or large spaces

Models are also available with built-in speakers to facilitate general paging or emergency messaging in locations such as hallways.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/175933/

name: UMG GATEWAY TDM-IP PSTN to SIP
description: The User Media Gateways line was created to serve small telephony scenarios, converting TDM calls to SIP and vice versa, or routing VoIP calls. They can be directly connected to a public PSTN network, VoIP links, soft switches, and PBX equipment.

Providing Khomp’s high performance guarantee, the UMG provides low density E1 links VoIP channels conversion and survaivability.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/176048/

name: Panaseer ISE/pxGrid Integration
description: Panaseer and Cisco’s integration means that data from Cisco ISE and pxGrid can easily be consumed by Panaseer's Smart Inventory.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/177400/

name: Cisco AMP for Endpoints DSM Integration into IBM QRadar
description: The Cisco AMP for Endpoints integration with IBM QRadar provides a consolidated view of security events across endpoints in a single dashboard, eliminating the need to toggle between tools to allow monitoring of real-time endpoint threat detection. Security analysts can search, correlate, and analyze AMP4EP threat events within QRadar. Then, they can quickly drill down into threats detected by AMP4EP, including identifying the user who initiated the attack, which machine the threat originated from, and which file triggered the attack.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/177681/

name: 2N IP Intercoms & IP Audio
description: IP intercom and audio systems for secure and comfortable communication.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/177948/

name: UPLINX Remote Phone Control for Cisco Phones
description: Remote Phone Control allows you to control and troubleshoot Cisco Phones in your organization, without leaving your desk. See each phone on your screen, with access to screen and all buttons and settings, as well as bulk operations such as bulk background image deployment or ITL/CTL file erase. Fast, easy, complete control over your Cisco Phones installation. Solutions for engineers and help desk/support.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/178213/

name: VCC3
description: The Shure VCC3 Video Conference Cable connects the analog block inputs and outputs of Shure microphone processors, such as the IntellImix® P300 Audio Conferencing Processor or the ANI Audio Network Interface series, to Cisco hard codecs, including the Room Kit, Room Kit Plus, SX10 and SX20 series models.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/178272/

name: Manager One
description: The complete system for Contact Centers management.

Manager One from Khomp is a complete intelligence solution for centralized management, routing, monitoring and call sorting for contact center operations.
It is made up of a combination of resources that run on premises (using a local server) and in the cloud, optimizing the performance and resilience of the solution exactly as needed.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/178540/

name: CLink for CRM Integration
description: CLink is an application that integrates Cisco Unified Contact Center solutions with all the major CRMs. By enhancing the CRM with the interaction management capabilities of Cisco UCCE and UCCX, CLink empowers agents to provide better customer engagement without having to switch between multiple windows.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/178606/

name: iCallSuite
description: Tollring is a global provider of cloud call recording and analytics for Cisco BroadWorks, enabling businesses to record and evaluate customer interactions to understand team and individual performance. iCall Suite captures, processes, and displays call recordings for customers to play back and evaluate recordings, adhere to regulatory compliance and review analytics.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/178688/

name: SevOne SD-WAN Monitoring Solution
description: The SevOne SD-WAN Monitoring Solution delivers enterprises and MSPs real-time and historical visibility into their WAN infrastructure. With customizable, persona-based dashboards for network operations, network engineering and line of business owners, enterprise users can easily extend the solution for visibility across their entire service delivery path including enterprise wi-fi from campus to
branch, software defined datacenters and more. With the ability to create customized KPIs based on specific groups of users, WAN paths and health indicators of their SD-WAN, network operations and engineering teams now have greater insight into the network services running on them, helping ease their transition from using MPLS-based services to new hybrid SD-WAN-based services.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/178822/

name: NumberPro
description: Phone number management for voice and UC systems made easy. All in a beautiful, efficient and powerful application.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/179151/

name: CALL MANAGER REPORTING TOOL (CCMRT)
description: CCMRT is designed to help Call Manager administrators with capturing system status for various device types or End Users and easily compare the results. 
The application allows system administrators to search for snapshots taken at specific times to identify changes in device configuration, registration status or track for added/deleted users.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/179332/

name: Cisco UC with RedShift Networks VoIP Analytics for Fraud and Robocall Protection
description: RedShift UCTM integrates with the Cisco Call Manager, BroadSoft and pxGrid to ensure CSPs and enterprises protect their traffic against the growing number of highly organized attacks directed at VoIP, Video, Unified Communication, Collaboration, and SIP signaling networks. UCTM offers CSPs and enterprises an always up to date suite of reliable, manageable, and scalable tools that provide real-time protection and performance control for all carrier and enterprise VoIP/Video and SIP services - Robocalls, Telecom Fraud, SIP Botnet attacks, Network performance degradation, Telephony DOS attacks, targeted attacks on Cisco Call Manager/BroadSoft etc. These services including Cloud-based solutions, large scale telecom providers and MSPs as well. RedShift Networks UCTM products deliver real-time VoIP network monitoring, detection, mitigation and prevention that averts VoIP threats and reduce a MSP or Carrier’s rising operational costs and assuring Enterprise customers VoIP / Video conferencing business continuity. RedShift already secures many networks that have deployed Cisco’s Call Manager, BroadSoft and security products.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/179363/

name: ManageExpress BorderManager
description: ManageExpress Border Manager (MEBM) enables seamless delivery of Cisco's Session Border Control - Cisco Unified Border Element (CUBE). Reduce operational costs by managing high availability and provisioning SIP applications and providers all from a single user interface. Manage policies to detect, notify and log call events.

MEBM is designed as a unified solution which offers extensibility that can be leveraged to automate real world tasks. By utilizing a limited number of subject matter experts to create templates for commonly performed tasks, you empower junior staff to manage them on a day-to-day basis and reduce the chance of errors. Not only does this simplify management, but it also frees up your experts to deal with more complex tasks.

The Monitoring and Troubleshooting features of MEBM provides a window into the performance of the CUBE environments. A large number of call quality metrics are available, like Mean Opinion Score (MoS), Delay, Jitter, and Loss. These are also broken down by ingress and egress and at time intervals within a specific call. If additional information is required for troubleshooting, MEBM can instantiate logging of SIP debugs that can then be seen in a graphical SIP Ladder diagram with the ability to view the messages at each SIP leg.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/179551/

name: Ascom i63
description: The Ascom i63 is an easy-to-use VoWiFi handset for reliable communication and coordination. It combines the reliability, ease-of-management and performance of Wi-Fi with enterprise-grade ruggedness, ergonomics and stylish design. Available in three models (Talker, Messenger, Protector) the Ascom i63 delivers exceptional network and roaming performance.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/179946/

name: Criterion Cisco SD-WAN MINT
description: Mentorerd Install of Cisco SD-WAN Advise, Implement and Hosted Services Offering
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/180300/

name: HelpOne
description: HelpOne is a configurable, web-based application which enables tier one help desk agents to immediately change an employee’s voicemail password, phone PIN, speed dials, zero out extensions, call forwarding numbers, simultaneous ring settings, phone labels, voicemail notification preferences (e.g. via phone, email, text, etc.), find me settings, and many others without the assistance of overburdened voice engineers. Changes are immediate. No waiting. No work tickets. No hassle.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/180404/

name: Spotlight
description: Spotlight makes previously hidden management and administrative data from your UC, PBX and voice messaging systems clearly visible.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/180406/

name: 2nd Nature
description: 2nd Nature enables organizations and managed service providers to unify the provisioning and management of their various UC, PBX, voice messaging and other critical business systems by providing a single, centralized management and administration interface.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/180428/

name: RTK-PLUS
description: The SCT RTK-PLUS™ is an industry Exclusive solution supporting Cisco codecs, mics and Touch 10.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/180834/

name: Selligent Experience Cloud
description: Selligent Experience Cloud enables B2C brands to engage customers across all critical channels and touchpoints. Selligent allows you to seamlessly capture and leverage all interaction data from customer website visits and cross-channel communications to build or enhance customer profiles. Selligent’s Cortex AI leverages this interaction data to serve up next-best offers and deliver customer insights to service or sales agents.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/180946/

name: PromptVoice Hosted on Hold
description: Hosted On Hold from PromptVoice delivers streamed on-hold and in-queue music and messaging. With simple pricing plans, high quality licence-free music and professional messages from an extensive library, audio can be streamed on demand to any Cisco platform worldwide.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/181738/

name: SecureVisio SIEM/SOAR and Cisco Umbrella
description: SecureVisio integrates with Cisco security ecosystem, incl. Cisco Umbrella and enriches it with complete Security Operations Center (SOC) functionality, incl. SIEM and SOAR.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/181959/

name: Starfish Provisioning Manager
description: Starfish Provisioning Manager streamlines and automates provisioning and simplifies the management of Cisco collaboration and contact center resources. Using intuitive management portals enable administrators to provision resources for fast and efficient on-boarding and off-boarding of users and agents.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/182380/

name: auMina Real Intent
description: Empower contact center agents with a combination of real-time analytics and automation.

auMina™ Real Intent™ listens and analyzes customer intents in real-time and provides agents with guidance and assistance on in progress calls. Real Intent also reduces an agent’s after-call workload by auto-generating call summaries and dispositions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/182814/

name: 911inform Emergency Response Management
description: 911inform provides Ray Baum's Act compliancy in addition to Alyssa's law compliancy.  Emergency Response Management allows for situational awareness through connected building provisions allowing notification of onsite personal and PSAP simultaneously.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/183020/

name: DNAC MINT Partner Services DNA- Centre Assurance Service
description: Flint's DNAC MINT Service
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/183372/

name: Involvio AttendanceKit
description: Simple, powerful, and automated attendance tracking in your LMS.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/183647/

name: In-line High Availability Failover Bypass solution
description: We offer robust network bypass (some at Cisco call it ‘failover’) products that strengthens Cisco’s full suite of network security solutions which includes NGFW and IPS platforms by eliminating SPOF (Single Points of Failure) on all connectivity resulting in optimized delivery of mission-critical services.  
Niagara's network bypass products significantly increases availability of all services with ability to scale for any size network.  
It is an industry proven solution as deployed by market leaders in finance, government agencies, service providers, and various enterprises throughout the world.  
As a result, Niagara Networks is now an established technology partner that compliments Cisco inline security solutions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184045/

name: Kloudspot
description: Kloudspot's platform converts physical movement and activity of people and devices into digital data streams over your existing network. This stream analyzes and obtains a real-time understanding of the situation such as: pathway movement, occupancy dwell times, entry/exit and much more. Machine learning and artificial intelligence is used to predict future actions and needs. These insights allow business to designs actions and response to a given situation.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184647/

name: MINT for ACI Deployment and Migration
description: Lumos provides Cisco ACI Deployment Mentored Install, Migration Services with complete knowledge transfer.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184721/

name: IMPACT MB Pro
description: IMPACT MB Pro 

Keep talk moving 

Ensure high-quality communication with the Bluetooth® headset that complements your dynamic working style – in the office and on-the-go.

The IMPACT MB Pro Series delivers natural-sounding communication experiences with advanced audio technologies.

Key features: 
Enjoy premium audio for natural-sounding conversations
Experience wireless freedom
Talk for hours
Discover easy call handling
Convenient charger stand
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184783/

name: ADAPT 600
description: ADAPT 600 

Maximize focus and productivity anywhere with a headset powered by EPOS AI™ for personal audio with superb call clarity, stereo sound and adaptive ANC. Enjoy a unique UC optimized solution with machine learning enhanced microphone performance.

Key features

Superb call clarity powered by EPOS AI™
Regain concentration anytime, anywhere
Get organized with Alexa
Ensure clear calls with UC certified solution
Experience superior sound to increase your focus
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184793/

name: IMPACT SD
description: Make talk Count 

When your work demands perfect communication all day every day, this wireless DECT solution delivers consistent, high-quality performance. 

Both caller and listener benefit from premium quality audio with ultra noise-cancelling microphones. Even in the dynamic office spaces you'll experience impressive speech intelligibility. Combine with outstanding design for all-day weraring comfort, wireless DECT headset for all your business needs.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184796/

name: ADAPT 500
description: ADAPT 500
Cut through the noise and make your presence felt with a headset that keeps you productive in open offices, or on the move. Get clearer calls with the discreet boom arm for excellent speech intelligibility and use ANC in noisy situations to focus.

Key features
Get clearer calls on demand
Concentrate anytime, anywhere with ANC
Ensure clear calls with UC certified solution
Work your way
Enjoy comfort and convenience
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184827/

name: IPS Prayer
description: INFORM USERS OF WHEN ITS TIME TO PRAYER WITH IPS PRAYER

Our Islamic Prayer time application allows to push a picture and audio stream to Cisco IP phones at the hours of Muslim prayers. The prayer time is dictated by the time zone and geographic coordinates.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/184902/

name: DynamiQ RPS-500 Mobile Stand
description: The versatile DynamiQ RPS-500 offers the ideal height-adjustable capability for flexible work environments including classrooms, training rooms, and other collaborative workspaces. The DynamiQ RPS-500 supports a single display up to 75” or 209 lbs. Custom mounts are available for the Cisco® Webex Board 55 and 70.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/185244/

name: TMP-200 Telemedicine Cart
description: The TMP-200 telemedicine cart is designed to integrate with today’s technology to provide the best experience for providers and patients. The TMP-200 supports a single display up to 37″ or dual displays up to 32″. An optional video camera shelf installs above the display to provide video conferencing capabilities  For Cisco® Webex solutions, the AVTEQ DX80 mounting bracket easily installs the Webex DX80 board on the cart.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/185247/

name: EXPAND 30
description: Wherever you and your colleagues are, enjoy instant, high-quality conferencing with a portable, wireless speakerphone for today’s mobile workforce. Use for both personal and medium-sized conferences of up to 8 participants or as a permanent setup.

Key features
Enjoy instant conferencing anywhere
Get exceptional audio performance
Natural conversation experience
Crafted to perfection
For personal or shared use
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/185263/

name: Cisco SDWAN Mentored Install & Training (MINT) Services
description: At Netnology, we specialize in Cisco SDWAN enablement and implementation services to expedite the adoption of Cisco SDWAN solution. As part of this mentored install service offer, our subject matter experts (SME) partner with your team to ensure a smooth deployment and migration to the SDWAN solution and provide knowledge transfer to equip your staff with the necessary skills to configure and manage the SDWAN environment.

Netnology has a team of world class engineers who specialize in SDWAN solution and are passionate about customer success. Netnology will partner with you to provide:

• Step-by-step guidance from an SME on SDWAN deployment and migration
• Configuration and documentation of SDWAN solution
• Knowledge transfer to ensure customer is ready to configure and manage their environment
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/185707/

name: Cisco DNAC Mentored Install & Training (MINT) Services
description: At Netnology, we specialize in Cisco’s Digital Network Architecture (Cisco DNA™) enablement and implementation services to expedite the adoption of Cisco Software-Defined Access (SDA) and Assurance solutions. As part of the MINT service offer, our subject matter experts (SME) partner with your team to ensure a smooth deployment of the SDA and Assurance solutions and provide knowledge transfer to equip your staff with the necessary skills to configure and manage the Cisco DNA environment.

Netnology has a team of world class engineers who specialize in Cisco SDA and Assurance solutions and are passionate about customer success. Netnology will partner with you to provide:

o Step-by-step guidance from an SME on solution deployment
o Configuration and documentation of SDA and Assurance solutions
o Knowledge transfer to ensure customer is ready to configure and manage their environment
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/185739/

name: MINT SD-Access Service
description: SecurView MINT services for Cisco SD-Access includes a full lifecycle of services such as: proof of concept, advisory and architecture, implementation, training, optimization, and operations  support services. The services help unlock the full potential of Cisco SD-Access to improve business efficiency and accelerate the launch of business services.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186014/

name: MINT Tetration Service
description: Cisco Tetration makes micro-segmentation possible for the multi-cloud environment like never before. It provides the ability to discover application dependencies, detects common vulnerabilities, detects anomalous behavior, and enable on-going application compliance. Implementation of such a solution requires deep expertise in network architecture and security. SecurView is a professional services partner with the deep experience required to guide organizations through planning, design and implementation of Cisco Tetration.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186015/

name: Webex Legislate
description: Video Collaboration for Webex
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186165/

name: Tetration Application Quickstart
description: Business Technology Architects’ (BTA) Tetration Application Quickstart gets you started with application segmentation quickly, safely, and securely.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186318/

name: Tetration Mentored Install Service for MINT
description: Tetration is the premier Micro-Segmentation & Cloud Workload Protection Platform.

Tetration Software-as-a-Service (TaaS) enables rapid, flexible, and scalable deployments.

BTA’s years of Tetration experience will ensure that you realize Tetration’s full range of security & visibility advantages.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186330/

name: Smiddle Smart Callback & Smart Label
description: Smiddle Smart Callback & Smart Label is a software product that allows subscribers who call the company’s common number to automatically redirect to the employee’s internal number. 

Smiddle Smart Callback & Smart Label monitors outgoing calls from the specified phone numbers of employees and automatically creates current routes along which the call will be redirected upon a call back. Current routes are deleted after a certain time after they have worked back callback. The lifetime of the current route is limited by the settings.

In addition to the current routes, the user can use hard routes, which are set through the user interface and allow you to always redirect a call from the specified subscriber to the internal number of the employee.
  
Smart Label allows, using the employee’s personal telephone directory, to automatically substitute the name of the subscriber on the telephone set if there is an outgoing call route created and saved in Smart Callback and / or the corporate directory of telephone subscribers
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186730/

name: MINT-Cisco IWO Mentored PoV Plus
description: The Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer analytics engine matches real-time workload demand to the underlying infrastructure supply. It dynamically recommends and initiates the necessary automated actions, ensuring application performance. When Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer is combined with AppDynamics®, it enables a closed-loop operating model from the application business logic to physical server components, to cost-effectively ensure the user experience.

This service is intended for customers installing Cisco IWO (Intersight Workload Optimizer). OnStak engineer will lead you through the practices-based implementation of the platform, enabling out-of-the-box functionality and set up the baseline for performance and health. We will execute this in four main stages.

Discovery: Introductory meeting and technical workshop
Execution: Implementation and configuration of the solution
Optimize:   Review and fine-tuning, typically 2 weeks after implementation
Closure:     Project wrap-up and closure certification

Why OnStak:
Onstak has the experience and resources to help companies achieve greater returns from their data assets. The Cisco IWO Mentored PoV Plus, is designed to generate real business value with planning and discovery meetings and expands into educational and alignment workshops. We provide guidance in defining use cases and sizing, along with a recommendation of the next steps.

This program is designed to gain alignment and collaboration between enterprise leadership, stakeholders, Line Of Business (LoB) simplify and accelerate the utilization of Cisco Intersight, as well as drive adoption of the platform.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/186818/

name: MINT Tetration Enablement Service
description: Onstak will introduce the customer to Tetration and provide instruction while guiding them through a set of hands-on exercises that will allow them to gain valuable experience with Tetration. They will be able to do so in a safe environment and without requiring utilization of their own applications or infrastructure resources by utilizing Onstak’s on-demand cloud application environment. This will allow the customer to immediately begin to gain experience implementing the full breadth of Tetration features without risk of impediments that might exist if using their own applications and infrastructure, such as having to wait for maintenance windows for agent installation. The hands-on learning will be coupled with knowledge transfer and mentoring from an experienced Tetration architect.

Engagement Overview:
The engagement will kick off with a 3-day intensive on-site workshop, where the Onstak architect will review the value and benefits of the Tetration platform and gather customer requirements from a business, technical and governance perspective.

Outcomes
• Participants will get full hands-on experience and mentoring during this workshop
• Will have access to the cloud-based, fully simulated environment with various state-of-the-art applications with different Application and OS stacks like
     - Windows
     - Linux and
     - Container-based
• Will get full knowledge of Tetration integrations with external applications as
     - ISE
     - Active Directory
     - Kubernetes
     - Cisco ISE
     - Cisco ASA
     - Amazon AWS
• During and after Post-workshop, participants will have the environment access to
experiment, observe, and enable themselves.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/187086/

name: ACI Engagement Workshop for MINT
description: BTA’s ACI Engagement Workshop cuts through the hype, focusing on business requirements and real technological capabilities, to deliver actual business benefit and technical expertise. Start your next generation data center here.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/187326/

name: U-Assist
description: Drive real-time automation of repetitive agent tasks including after-call work summarization and call disposition.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/188183/

name: Local Measure Pulse
description: Collect real-time customer feedback from within your venue using Local Measure Pulse and take immediate action to improve customer experience.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5a6d201f1df81231b1403bbf/

name: Rover
description: Location-aware mobile campaigns designed in the browser and delivered natively in your app–no dev resources or app updates required
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5a7503071df81231b1412048/

name: Mapwize
description: Indoor Mapping platform for mobile app developers to create new digital services inside buildings using Meraki Location API and BLE.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ae1e3b36c303644e61e6b7c/

name: OneLogin
description: With OneLogin's Unified Access Management platform, eliminate shared credentials and provide admins and end users with secure single sign-on (SSO).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5af0e7e86c30367e23fd9d51/

name: ConnectWise Unite
description: ConnectWise Unite streamlines cloud solutions management, allowing MSPs to meet customers’ growing cloud needs simply and profitably.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5af5d57810a0d00cc99582b0/

name: Mews Systems
description: Our intuitive and easy to use PMS automates hospitality operation from the cloud, revolutionises guest experience and supercharges your revenues.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5b1a3a1d10a0d0256b1e3fb2/

name: EnGauge by Degree Analytics
description: Automate Class attendance & Co-Curricular Engagement. Facility Utilization and Optimization. Analyze & Predict Student Success.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5bfc7225988abb12b4aa1ff9/

name: Nodle
description: Nodle provides asset tracking for Bluetooth devices both inside and outside of your Meraki wireless network.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5c01bea334861343dd555098/

name: Cloudifi Guest Connect
description: Cloudifi Guest Connect is a beautifully simple Captive Portal / Splash page solution used exclusively for controlling the Guest WiFi Session.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5c651093d6ac500d554e60a6/

name: BRAND-fi
description: BRAND-fi is a leading Guest Wi-Fi marketing, monetization, digital signage and analytics solution in Africa.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ca326a53b7d246b5b298ec7/

name: SolarWinds NPM
description: SolarWinds NPM is powerful and affordable monitoring software enabling you to quickly detect, diagnose, and resolve network performance problems.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5cafb734a6e1a1217c8585f0/

name: PagerDuty Platform for Action
description: The platform for real-time operations empowers over 10,500 organizations globally to deliver excellent customer experiences and accelerate innovation
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5cb765006eb20e7b6b0309fc/

name: OPTiFi
description: OPTiFi provides a patented process for reporting audience presence to all media including static billboards, digital advertising, and mobile devices.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ccc72eb6751800d37971723/

name: Aware Software
description: Aware Software is a fully customizable captive portal solution providing a professional on-boarding experience for your guest WiFi network.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5cdd82de6751803e23e3be45/

name: Genea (Sequr) Access Control
description: Genea (Sequr) provides a cloud-based access control platform allowing companies to automate physical access credentialing across all locations.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5d3f0360bdfa55613aea5311/

name: MagiXPortal
description: A transitioning solution that the user of a public-access network is obliged to view and interact with before access is granted to the Wi-Fi.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5d7e5ad4cc248c7a5c9382bb/

name: Panaseer
description: The first Continuous Controls Monitoring platform for enterprise security.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5d971e2b547de166219a211e/

name: Touchless Menu by GoZone
description: Touchless Menu creates a contactless ordering experience during dine-in service. Guests access the restaurant's menu by connecting to guest WiFi.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ec4187fd4adc03685d53bec/

name: ParkPow - Parking Management
description: Enforce parking policies and manage your parking lot with a full dashboard analytics, full search capabilitie, custom alerts, vehicle CRM, and more!
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ec474cc8b5dbb2cb5989be0/

name: V-App | Cloud Network Backup
description: V-App Cloud Network Back helps you to keep track of the changes made in your network.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ecfd5d5dd41583ae2dcfa13/

name: Purple Digital Mapping
description: Help your customers in the healthcare space to tackle the operational challenges that have arisen due to COVID-19.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ee8afb894a59c782319c679/

name: Cloud4Wi | COVID-19 Solution
description: Conduct contact tracing to stop the spread of COVID-19
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5f0730d08c4d40258f16eb41/

name: Cloud4Wi | Splash
description: Create value for all company stakeholders in compliance with privacy regulations, without adding any complexity
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5f6232219dafef2a2d0440a3/

name: Cloud4Wi | Spaces
description: Discover on-site behaviors with WiFi analytics for more informed decisions and increased understanding of their effectiveness
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5f62346920b35056457477c4/

name: Splash Sense Analytics
description: Splash Access has integrated into the Cisco Meraki MV Sense location analytics API to set camera threshold alerts with text messages via Twilio.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5f71a8997f35e1471c24c1e3/

name: Analytiks Occupancy
description: Real-time occupancy monitoring solution to enforce distancing and limit maximum occupancy during Covid-19.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/meraki/apps/5ff50637aab0d16b21acdff2/

name: ICCS 3020 1.8
description:  Frequentis is a leading provider of command and control centre solutions for the police, ambulance, and fire and rescue services. We unite innovative products with state-of-the-art technology and a comprehensive service package for solutions specially tailored to meet specific needs. The ICCS 3020MCC provides the most comprehensive functionality and flexibility in a standard product voice communication system. The ICCS 3020 and its fully digital system architecture provide enough system capacity to handle even the largest applications in the world and it guarantees the potential for cost-effective future system expansion.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88874/

name: AND Group MA (Manager/Assistant)
description:  Using presence and manager/assistant services directly on the IP phone speeds up team communication and delivers enhanced manager/assistant collaboration possibilities.   Besides the presence status of multiple phones there are services to handle call forwarding, redirection and representation services. Therefore you can deliver a rich experience for manager/assistant environments.     Realtime Presence    Realtime status information about other phones is shown directly on the IP phone display. Just by looking to the phone display it is immediately clear who is available, who has a phone call or which phones are redirected at the moment. Besides standard presence information you will be informed if there are external or internal calls for a specific extension or if the extension has locked the phone.     VIP (Very Important Person) Lists    Using VIP lists allows managers to receive important calls even in the case of an actively forwarded phone. This is especially useful if most calls should be forwarded to the assistants but some specific calls should be handled by the manager directly. VIP lists can be managed by the administrator, directly on the phone of the manager or directly at the phone of the assistant.    Representation Service    By specifying a simple hierarchical structure of available assistants it is easy to define who will receive a call. Just by pressing a button on the phone it is possible to redicre automatically to the next available assistant.    Full Control by Assistant    All manager assistant services, including settings for the manager phone, are handled directly on the IP phone. There is no need for any kind of additional login or computer software.    Integration with Desktop PC    Optionally the presence and manager/assistant service can be used with our desktop client as well. Therefore call handling can be completely handled on the phone without even touching the phone.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88878/

name: AND Desktop CC (Contact Center)
description:  Contact center solutions are using an automatic call distribution system to handle incoming calls and forward them to an agent who handles the request. Typically this type of service is used to deliver product support, handle information inquiries from customers or to setup a help desk.  AND Desktop CC delivers all important contact center agent services on a simple to use client.  The contact center solution consists of the following components:   Queuing Service  Media Announcement Service  Presence Service  Group Service  Directory Service  Callback and Fallback Services   These components can be enabled individually for each contact center agent to deliver the best user experience depending on the agents need. By adapting the agent services to the available communications infrastructure it is possible to use it for small and medium businesses as well as in highly complex and distributed environments.  Benefits   Unlimited number of queues per agent  Flexible integration of multiple corporate directories  Graphical display of agent and user status  Optimized handling of forwarding/redirecting/transferring calls  Most important services available on desk phone  Automatic fallback of transferred calls to busy destinations  Fully integrated with ANDTEK application platform  Contact center clients for terminal server environments  Support for Braille displays 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88884/

name: AND Desktop AC (Attendant Console)
description: AND Desktop AC delivers all important attendant console services on a simple to use client. The attendant console consists of the following components:

Queuing Service
Media Announcement Service
Presence Service
Group Service
Directory Service
Callback and Fallback Services

These components can be enabled individually for each attendant console to deliver the best user experience depending on the attendants need. By adapting the attendant console to the available services in your communications infrastructure it is possible to use it for small and medium businesses as well as in highly complex and distributed environments.
The queuing service takes care that all incoming calls are automatically forwarded to an available attendant or that callers are queued until someone is available. Caller number and waiting time can be seen in real-time by all attendants which allows them to handle incoming calls in a timely manner. While callers are waiting in the queue it is possible to play music on hold or any other voice message to give callers additional information and keep them in the queue.
Time-based scheduling of queues allows you to have customized voice messages depending on the time of the day or during holidays. Availability of internal users is always available within the presence and group service integrated into the attendant console. Besides typical presence infor-mation there are additional status conditions displayed. Therefore it is shown if phones are available, redirected to other phones or to the mailbox, have an active internal or external call or optionally it is even possible to see the phone number they are talking to at the moment. Additionally this information is available on the phone display as well - therefore it is even available if no computer is used.
An important key feature of attendant consoles is the integration of existing corporate directories and databases. With AND Desktop it is possible to integrate Active Directory, LDAP and any type of SQL databases. Besides integrating typical databases and directories there is a native integration of Microsoft Exchange and the Unified Communications Manager user database available. Despite the complex integration options it is extremely easy for attendants to use the directories. Attendants just enter a search term and all connected directories and databases are automatically queried in the background. Attendants get the search results on their client and can immediately use the results to establish phone calls or redirect callers.
Fallback on busy destinations is especially important when calls are trans-ferred to busy phones. In this case callers are automatically connected back to the attendant and therefore calls are not likely to be lost.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88924/

name: Call Monitoring and Recording (FTR)
description:  The Call Recording application operates as either a full time recorder (recording all calls on all participating phones), as an ad hoc recorder, where the users activate the recording sessions by pressing a key on their phones or as a monitoring and recording solution for call centers. The recorder will record internal, external, multicast/radio and conference calls and place them all on a central server or san. Atea Call Recording is available for both Cisco UCM (CUCM) and Cisco UCM Express (CUCME) and easily fits into an enterprises server, OS and network environment. The key strengths of the Atea recording solution is it’s flexibility to fit any network architecture, and the open systems/non proprietary approach of the whole solution.  Compliance: Ensure all your legal requirements are met with fully archived and searchable voice recordings.  Call Center Agent Quality Control: Call centre supervisors can silently listen in to calls the agents are on (optionally recording the call), and provide training and guidance to the agent after the call has ended.  Transaction Verification: Call recording provides a record of the call that can be used to verify verbal agreements and instructions especially in financial and legal environments.  Investigation: Call recordings can be used to track and investigate activities of internal and external parties, including abusive or inappropriate calls.  Emergency Situation Logging: Fire and Police are now using Lan Mobile Radio gateway (LMR) solutions and require logging of incidents and ongoing emergencies for review and training purposes.        
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88972/

name: Voxida Voice- Call Recording & Monitoring Software
description: The Voxida Voice software suite is a comprehensive IP communications recording and analysis platform that’s used in diverse call centers, healthcare and governmental organizations to maximize agent effectiveness and ensure quality interactions. Voxida is engineered to work with enterprise PBX and gateway models and protocols such as Cisco Skinny/SCCP. When you record Cisco phone calls all associated details are captured with the audio, which is important when you need to find, report on, and analyze your communications.  The Voxida Voice software suite includes built-in call review tools and reporting capabilities and it simplifies agent training, quality assurance, client tracking and call verification. Search through your records by agent, group, extension, ANI, DNIS, date, time, duration, comment, flag or other customizable fields, and Voxida will immediately return all calls that fit within your search criteria. Additionally, Voxida allows you to securely live monitor IP voice conversations over your private network while they are being captured.  Cisco VoIP recording model support includes the

    Cisco CallManager / Unified Communications Manager models
    Cisco CallManager Express / Unified Contact Center Express (CCX) series
    Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise (CCE) systems

 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88991/

name: Microcall Call Reporting Software
description: Microcall integrates with all Voice platforms / CUCM / Session Border Controllers (SBC) / CUBE’s / Gateway’s, to provide managers with real-time and historical analytics for fast and informed decision-making. Microcall’s meaningful dashboards help managers pinpoint system inefficiency, improper routing, SIP traffic, SBC analytics, cost reduction opportunities, Emergency 911 alerts, real-time call detail views for optimal management of customer service levels, cradle-to-grave call tracing, and much more. Microcall customers range from small & medium size businesses to Fortune 1000 companies with tens of thousands of employees and locations globally. Microcall is one of the most widely used and recognized call reporting solutions on the market.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/88999/

name: Intertel
description: Intertel es el producto número uno en México en Sistemas para la Administración Telefónica.  Intertel es la solución que le permite obtener ahorros de hasta 40% en sus costos de servicio telefónico, ofreciéndole completos análisis estadísticos de las llamadas realizadas o recibidas en su empresa, así como información generada en la facturación electrónica de sus proveedores de servicio de telefonía fija y móvil, lo que le permitirá detectar el mal uso de sus recursos telefónicos.  Interfaz amigable Intertel cuenta con una amigable interfaz de usuario que le permite obtener información del uso y consumo telefónico en su  empresa de manera jerárquica, es decir, por Compañía, División, Área, Centro de Costos, Departamento, Usuario, Extensión y Código de Autorización, a través de un explorador muy similar al explorador de Windows, lo que hace a Intertel práctico, rápido y fácil de utilizar.
Cuenta también con la facilidad de mover un elemento de jerarquía a otro con solo seleccionarlo y arrastarlo con el mouse (drag and drop), además de ingresar a las propiedades de los elementos dando doble clic sobre ellos.  Esta interfaz de usuario le permite mostrar las siguientes vistas:  Vista de Lista: Muestra los elementos del nivel de jerarquía seleccionado. Vista de Gráfica: Presenta el presupuesto total y ejercido durante el año por el elemento de jerarquía seleccionado. Vista de Resumen: Muestra la situación actual del presupuesto mensual del elemento de jerarquía seleccionado. También se muestra al posicionar el cursor sobre la gráfica.
Concepto de Usuario Otro beneficio en Intertel es el concepto de administración por usuario, mediante la cual puede agrupar varias extensiones o códigos de autorización, ayudando a identificar el uso del recurso telefónico por usuario y no solo por extensiones o códigos. Además, bajo este esquema, Intertel brinda mayor seguridad y control de acceso y uso del sistema, dando privilegios de consulta y configuración a los usuarios mediante contraseñas de ingreso.  Exactitud de Información Intertel le permite obtener el costo real de las llamadas de su empresa, ya que cuenta con las tarifas y claves de larga distancia más completas y exactas de los principales proveedores de telefonía en el país y sus distintos planes tarifarios.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89000/

name: Logitech HD Webcam C525
description:  For portable HD video calling and recording—with autofocus.      
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89013/

name: Farlon Agent Desktop for UCCX
description: Full function contact center agent desktop, can be used with basic function, or as a competency tool, or as the market's best switchboard
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89092/

name: Phoenix
description:  FCS Phoenix integrates to CUCM via SIP as a fully featured hotel-based voicemail system
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89135/

name: FCS unicorn
description:  There're 4 main components within FCS Unicorn  1. Universal Billing Component - handles all types of billing calculations & billing schemas with various surcharges & taxation models  2. Universal Interface Component - manages all the interface capabilities that allows integration with multiple PMS & PABX  3. Universal Internal Interface - links for other FCS Systems to Unicorn for data from the PMS, PABX & any other 3rd party systems  4. Third Party Interface Gateway - interfaces to other 3rd party systems such as HSIA, VOD/IPTV, In-Room control and others
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89137/

name: Paramount Enclosure for Nexus 7009
description: The Eaton PMT7009SW444242 Conversion kit (Cabinet) requires Cisco Testing and Certification.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89175/

name: DesignXpert
description: DesignXpert is used by Cisco and Cisco Partner SE's to perform enterprise network assessment and design.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89180/

name: AleFIT SMS
description: AleFIT Text Messages is an application that allows users to receive various status messages or information they need to obtain from other systems. Through online messages they receive the information that is necessary for their work.
Users can also easily and quickly send a message to any colleague within the system of internal Cisco IP telephony. This application is very useful for receptionists and assistants. No more pieces of paper with names and phone numbers you need to call. The message will never get lost again. Everything is stored in the system and can be traced easily. Just send a message with the information and the phone number to be called. By displaying it on the phone you can be sure that the user will receive it.
Messages can be sent to individuals as well as to the whole groups of users that can be easily defined. Messages can be sent from both the IP phone and the Web interface on the computer. An incoming message is displayed on the IP phone and the user is alerted to the new unread message at regular intervals. Thus the user cannot miss it. This application can be used for automatic and repeated messaging based on regular intervals.
Thanks to the rich configuration options the AleFIT Messages solution can be in most cases adjusted to suit customer requirements.
 
AleFIT SMS Gate offers similar functionality as AleFIT Messages but also includes a plug-in for sending short text messages to the networks of mobile operators. Messages are sent the same way as when using a mobile phone. It is possible to send an SMS from the web interface or an IP phone. In the menu, select ‘Messages’, enter the phone number, type in the message and press ‘Send’.
Messages can be received in two ways: to a central message store, where each user has an overview of all incoming messages or, based on a unique code, the message is delivered directly to the IP phone of the relevant user.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89189/

name: AleFIT Callwaiting
description: AleFIT Callwaiting
is an application that is able to very efficiently manage the incoming calls (internal and external) and ensure that each call is received even if the line is busy. Give your customers the opportunity to always get through.
When a customer calls a line that is already busy, they are automatically informed that the line is busy and that their call was placed in the queue. It is possible to play music for them, various commercials, current promotions, etc. At the same time, the busy user is informed of an incoming call by a message on the display; it is possible to turn on the LED light or play a sound signal to let the user know that there is another call in the queue.
This application works for both the external and internal calls. The difference between internal and external calls is mainly in the fact that when you receive an internal call the messages on the display will also show the caller's name.
No more unsatisfied customers who cannot reach you because your line is always busy. Make sure that each incoming call is answered. Give your employees a tool to effectively use their phone line.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89190/

name: CONNECT Hyper Directory (Photo Enabled)
description:  “CONNECT Hyper Directory” is a multi-tenant directory which provides quick search and easy access to the information stored at the Microsoft Active directories, Cisco Call Manager 4.x DC Directory, Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.x and above versions Database and/or CONNECT Hyper Directory application database.  “CONNECT Hyper Directory” fully utilizes its capabilities to efficiently and effectively organize information regarding contacts, their departments and their physical location.  You can use “CONNECT Hyper Directory” to search for a contact by entering the search parameters you are looking for (e.g. names, phone numbers, departments ...) displaying the contact details in addition to his photo.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89194/

name: i-RPS
description: The i-RPS takes the move from the great experience achieved over the Next Generation Networks and in legacy PSTN/PLMN. i-RPS is available on different HW platforms and specifically on COTS HW (Cisco, HP blade servers), ATCA HW. Cisco UCS is the preferred option thanks to the Cisco-Italtel consolidated partnership. The solution is based on the latest available technologies, taking also advantages of third party SW and it is compliant to open standards (3GPP, ETSI, IETF, Oasis).
The i-RPS performs: - Routing: Service Logics and Routing functions combining and managing legacy E.164 phone numbers with the emerging SIP URI identifiers, including also domain based routing; - Traffic Engineering: dynamic and automatic reconfiguration of routing plans with specific attention to the provision of multimedia services; - Policing: application of specific policy rules on the border of the network towards access network and interconnected carriers, in order to guarantee QoS and SLA.
i-RPS is applicable in all the network scenarios: pure IMS based or multi technology where PSTN/PLMN, NGN, Mobile R4 coexist. The i-RPS addresses networks where the SS7 and SIP paradigms coexist and the operator has the need to harmonize the routing and policy functionalities among the existing and future environments. Being designed to implement IMS Transit, the i-RPS maintains all the protocol stacks and features allowing the control of the previous installed systems. This guarantees a smooth migration of a multi-technology network towards an homogeneous IMS one exploiting the overall potential. Moreover, in an IMS centric scenario, the Italtel RPF acts as a centralized Server that provides all the routing and policy information needed by the MGCF and IMS Transit functional entities in order to allow traffic control centralization and harmonization.
i-RPS has been suitable to implement network solutions, such as:

Wholesale and Least Cost Traffic Management in fixed or mobile transit networks;
Integrated Service Control for enhanced network services;
Migration from TDM to IP;
IP Network-To-Network interconnection (Unified Border & Transit Interconnection).

 
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89202/

name: NICE Quality Management (Sol+)
description:  NICE Quality Management provides businesses of all sizes with powerful capabilities to drive customer satisfaction, improve agent effectiveness and optimize call center processes.   NICE Quality Management streamlines the quality evaluation and calibration process with wizard-driven and pre-filled forms. Integrated calibration tools enable quality specialists to create a standard reference for assessment and ensure that evaluations are accurate and objective.  A fully integrated coaching module enables managers and trainers to create coaching packages directly from interactions and link related data such as the call itself, evaluations, customer feedback, recorded clips or related external files. Coaching sessions can be automatically scheduled via NICE IEX Workforce Management.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89226/

name: PD-9000G Family
description: Microsemi’s PD-9000G Family is designed specifically to power IEEE802.11n access points, pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) and dome cameras, IP videophones, thin clients and other high power Ethernet end terminals. The family includes 6, 12 and 24 port models, which are backward compatible and safe to use with any 802.3af terminal such as VoIP phones, IP cameras and wireless LAN access points. 
With plug-and-play installation, Microsemi midspans are easily and cost effectively implemented leveraging an existing Ethernet infrastructure while at the same time providing the assurance of a future proof network.
For secure remote management, all PD-9000G models include PowerView Pro management software. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89247/

name: Logitech USB Headset Stereo H650e
description: Logitech’s unified communications USB headset portfolio combines enterprise-quality audio performance with the human-centric design and user-friendly features Logitech is known for. Headsets that are comfortable, stylish and intuitive so people actually love to use them – further enhancing UC collaboration in your workplace.
The Logitech USB Headset Stereo H650e features a clever LED light that visually signals to others that you are on a call, preventing accidental interruptions. The inline call command controller features easy-to-access buttons, and the double-ear corded design is ideal for employees who need to block off surrounding noise for laser-like focus during desktop calls. Ultra-light weight without sacrificing high-quality audio, the H650e Stereo can be worn comfortably all day and features an acoustic echo cancellation and a noise-cancelling microphone to help eliminate background distractions in noisy workspaces.
Experience enterprise-grade audio headsets that are designed for real people with the Logitech USB Headset Stereo H650e.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89267/

name: Logitech Wireless Headset Mono H820e
description: Logitech’s unified communications USB headset portfolio combines enterprise-quality audio performance with the human-centric design and user-friendly features Logitech is known for. Headsets that are comfortable, stylish and intuitive so people actually love to use them – further enhancing UC collaboration in your workplace.
The Logitech Wireless Headset Mono H820e features two clever LED lights: one that visually signals to others that you are on a call, preventing accidental interruptions; and the other that glows red when while on mute for visual mute/unmute status. On-ear intuitive control buttons and a boom mute button make it easy to operate calls, and the single-ear corded design is ideal for employees who prefer to have an open ear to their surroundings. The H820e Mono features acoustic echo cancellation and a noise-cancelling microphone to help eliminate background distractions in noisy workspaces.
Experience enterprise-grade audio headsets that are designed for real people with the Logitech Wireless Headset Mono H820e.
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89268/

name: SIP-enabled IP Loudspeaker Amplifier
description:  SIP/multicast-based VOIP paging amplifier
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89272/

name: SIP Paging Adapter SPA
description:  The CyberData SIP Paging Adapter is a VoIP endpoint that interfaces analog paging systems with SIP and Multicast-based audio sources.  The SPA (SIP Paging Adapter) can be configured to support two separate SIP extensions. SIP extension one passes audio through to the analog output spoken from the caller’s handset. When called, SIP extension two plays a bell audio that can be used as a night ringer when configured in a night ring group.  The SPA supports up to 9 user-loadable messages that can be played by a DTMF command.  The SPA supports a line-In input for playing MOH.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89306/

name: Kontact
description:  Kontact is an unique solution for call centers willing to improve their customer service, at at affordable cost. It is working on all Cisco platforms, but mostly aiming at responding call center needs for all UC series and Business Editions customers.  Kontact works on a web platform. Configuration, management or logging in/out and set ready/not ready allowi users and managers to work from anywhere they want. A manager could also want to have a real-time view of the queues, although he is out of the office, from his smart phone.  It's configuration is as easy as configuring an extension, which will receive the calls from either an IVR, a dedicated line or any kind of routing, such as skillset. The calls will then be placed on a virtualized queue, and distributed to the agents logged in and ready in the queues that they are assigned.  The configuration per agent is also really flexible. One can assign an agent to see only predefined queues, receive calls from those queues, receive calls at a different locations, etc.  Kontact also allows picking calls directly from the queues, only by clicking on them. Over-flows can be as easily managed, or can also follow rules that you set, such as transfer this call to a voice mail.  You can create an unlimited number of queues and agent groups  Customer service is also enhanced, by providing information on abandoned calls.  Reporting and Recording options are also available.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89323/

name: CyberPower Smart App Sinewave UPS Series
description: CyberPower Smart App Sinewave tower, rackmount, and rack/tower UPS models offer guaranteed power protection for corporate and departmental applications. They provide sine wave output, offer Active PFC power source compatibility, and correct minor power fluctuations without switching to battery, thereby extending battery life.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89349/

name: Avizia Telemedicine Carts CA300 and CA700
description: CA300
New from Avizia, the CA300 telemedicine system supports general medical use cases, requires minimal training and is one of the most affordable solutions on the market. For organizations that have hesitated to invest in telemedicine because of high startup costs, the CA300 may be the perfect remedy.
The CA300 is the latest in the Avizia™ product line—offering a compact, cost-effective, telemedicine device for general medical use cases. It is one of the most affordable telemedicine devices on the market, and it doesn’t sacrifice functionality for cost! It provides all the basics one would expect, with the added benefit of the Avizia™ cloud-based technology and workflow-software program.
CA700
Our most powerful and versitle telemedicine system for a wide range of medical applications.
Avizia’s flagship telemedicine system, the CA700 is an easy-to-use, high-definition video collaboration system designed for mobility at the point of care. The CA700 is ideal for a wide variety of medical uses, including remote patient consultations, virtual care, and medical education.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89460/

name: Onsight
description: Using Onsight, an internal expert can see live video and share feedback with field staff, external suppliers or customers to assess operations or resolve issues immediately. Onsight can be used in conjunction with TelePresence systems as a mobile telepresence camera to provide live video and collaboration from remote locations into a TelePresence suite
Operational teams use Onsight to diagnose, inspect, and troubleshoot assets and environments. The platform includes wireless rugged and Ex-certified smart cameras, diagnostic software for smartphones, tablets and PCs and an SDK to streamline workflow.
Using Onsight, remote workers and experts securely share live video, exchange pictures, talk and use the onscreen drawing features while building a knowledge base of content. This diagnostic experience requires as little at 65 kpbs of network bandwidth to perform.
If additional parties are required to assist the remote worker, Onsight can include multiple Onsight Expert desktops at one time, be shared over online meeting tools such as Cisco WebEx, or the Onsight device could be used as a mobile Telepresence camera
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89474/

name: CallTrack with Secure Remote Access
description: CallTrack delivers IP Applications that provide enterprises with incremental business benefit and value-added applications to their IP Telephone System. Our product suite features the IP Application Server which allows you to access information from existing applications, enterprise databases, email and the web, and manage it using an IP Phone. Standard features include CTP WebAdmin, a flexible web-based tool to manage all enterprise data and Microsoft Outlook Integration. Enhanced applications include: CTP Track, an internal help desk and tracking system; Integrated User Management allowing you to manage all enterprise users on Cisco's Call Manager and Call Manager Clusters from a password protected user console; and Account Code Management to track employees or clients via account codes right through the IP Phone. Vertical Applications are also available.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89475/

name: VistaPoint Enterprise
description: Attendant Consoles and Call Center Software for Cisco UCM and BE6/7K Customers
VistaPoint "Lite" is our stand-alone (no server needed) attendant console providing powerful call handling features, real-time BLF, Presence-Based Phonebook supporting CUCM, AD, ODBC, .csv connections, automatic pullback of unanswered calls, emergency call notifications, and much more.
VistaPoint Enterprise is a server-based solution consisting of a suite of applications and modules designed to meet specific vertical market needs that include Healthcare, Education, Retail, Manufacturing, Call Centers, Professional Services, etc. We offer both a thick client and web-based console that are fully compatible with all versions of CallManager from 8.5 through UCM 12.5.

Windows-Based Console (Console Companion) - is installed on each operator's PC and is compatible with XP Pro, Windows 7, 8, and 10.
Browser-based Console (WebConsole) eliminates the need to install applications on the operator's PC reducing IT supports time and expediting updates.

Our ACD Module includes reporting  filling the void between Cisco’s Native Call Queuing and Cisco’s Contact Center Express (CCX). The VistaPoint ACD Module will automatically  distribute and queue calls to your operators or agents in contact centers where up to 100 agents and 100 call queues are supported. For supervisors we include a web-based reporting tool, silent monitor, whisper coaching, instant messaging with agents, barge, and much more. The optional Agent Greeting module can be deployed to reduce noise levels and eliminate repetitive task when answering calls 
Call Tracker is a real-time data collection tool that automatically collects call data and prompts console users to gather additional information that is then made available in a report. Call history is also presented so console users know who they last spoke with and what became of that call. For additional details or to schedule a demo contact iQ’s sales team.
Call Assist for Healthcare this module was designed to assist operators with handling Code and Stroke calls. Designed to instantly alert operators of an emergency (even if on a call) so that they can take immediate action. Depending on the type of call, procedures are automatically displayed to guide them through the process. Contact sale to schedule a demo of Call Assist.
EPIC, MediTech, FHIR HL7 Interfaces we offer several interfaces that connect your EMR platform with VistaPoint so that your operators can quickly locate patients and transfer calls to their bedside or the nurse’s station. Contact sales to schedule a demo of Call Assist.
VistaPoint Finesse Widgets - Agent and Supervisor gadgets designed to allow console users to log in and out of their UCCX/E queues from within their console eliminating the need for another application of their desktop. Call for details and download the datasheet. 
Our Consoles were designed by and for switchboard operators, receptionist, and executive assistants. They have been successfully deployed into every vertical market with a special emphasis on Healthcare, Call Centers, Education, Retail, Manufacturing, Financial Institutions, and Professional Service firms.
We offer competitive pricing, web-based demos, and in-house evaluations to allow you to try before you buy!
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89495/

name: Jabra Biz 2400 II
description: Jabra BIZ 2400 II is a wired professional headset that delivers outstanding sound on both ends of the call. 40% lighter than competing headsets, with super-soft leatherette headband and ear cushions. Built to last with a reinforced cord and unbreakable boom arm.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89500/

name: PhoneUP Enterprise Directory
description:  The directory contains both employees and external contacts, imported from CRM, ERP and other enterprise databases.  You can easily find required contact with Cisco Jabber, web interface, on Cisco IP phone or with "PhoneUP Agent" installed on your PC.  Along with incoming call you'll get the detailed information about calling party on Cisco IP phone display or in Cisco Jabber interface.  Notifications about missed calls are sent to you by email or SMSed to your cell phone.  "Auto redial" option saves your time when calling to a busy external number.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89513/

name: ConnectedMagiX
description: PUT A MAP IN EVERY POCKET
Put a map of any venue in everyone’s pocket. ConnectedMagiX can be integrated with any Android or iOS application to provide interactive, digital maps for all of your customers.
 
INDOOR LOCATION & NAVIGATION
It’s incredibly easy to set up indoor navigation with ConnectedMagiX. Your customers will never have to ask for directions again. The simply pick where they want to go and a route will guide the way, turn by turn.
 
DELIVER GEOTARGETED MOBILE CONTENT AND ADS TO ANY CUSTOMER SEGMENT
- Target the right customers at the right place and time.
- Location-based notifications that can easily be set up throughout any venue to personalize customers’ and visitors’ experience.
- Add value to your existing mobile app by adding selected ConnectedMagiX APIs:
  * Hotels 
  * Hospitals 
  * Airports
  * Education Campuses
  * Museums
  * Malls
  * Events
 
ACCESS INSTANT REPORTING AND ANALYTICS
Unlock a new understanding of your audience so that you can make the right business and product decisions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89532/

name: AMT CAMPAIGN MANAGER
description:  AMT CAMPAIGN MANAGER  allows you to:   Accelerate and simplify the process of creating and launching campaigns  Improve efficiency of task management for outbound dialing, reduce manual work  Increase flexibility of outbound dialing  Reduce number of unsuccessful call attempts  Increase efficiency of contact center operators (improve Right Party Contacts)  Collect statistical data about campaigns   Technologies:   Database: MS SQL 2012 R2 Enterprise and above  Platform Java: Oracle Java SE 6 and above  Contact center: UCCE, Cisco ICM v.8.0 and above  Integration with Microsoft Active Directory  
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89540/

name: Calabrio Quality Management
description: Calabrio provides an IP-based recording, compliance, and evaluation solution for agent and enterprise wide recording for performance optimization and dispute resolution — architected to meet the unique requirements of virtual contact centers and beyond. Compliance recording capabilities provide a solution to record all calls – commonly done to meet regulatory and compliance requirements, or to handle customer dispute resolution.Organizations can choose to record all calls for everyone, or for specific teams of agents and knowledge workers. Rentention parameters are flexible; storage is secure. Advanced query options let users find recordings quickly and easily among thousands of logged interactions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89580/

name: Calabrio Workforce Management
description:  Calabrio Workforce Management allows contact center managers to track activity versus the forecast in real-time to see if there are issues with under or overstaffing. Contact center agents can view schedules, request vacations, and trade shifts through their personalized Web-based interface. Agents can even monitor their own KPIs – for the day or for the month - to keep their performance on track.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89581/

name: CALL ACCOUNTING (voice costing, phone billing)
description: 2Ring CALL ACCOUNTING (CA) is a very advanced and flexible call logging and billing application providing statistics, phone call summaries, and other detailed call information that will help find answers to questions such as:

How much does a certain user spend on calls?
How much does a certain site spend on calls?
Which users rarely answer their phone?
What are the most frequently called numbers?
Is the operator's invoice correct?

2Ring Call Accounting can also split charges among sites / branches / departments, or it can offer prepared and curated data to other information systems for processing. 2Ring Call Accounting is approved to co-reside on Business Edition 6000 (BE6K) and 7000 (BE7K), and also available for Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) 9-12.x.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89608/

name: SCRIPTS & FORMS
description:  2Ring SCRIPTS & FORMS guides agents through their conversations with clients. It also enables data collection and the recording of structured information about clients and their needs. The agent answers hierarchically structured questions by selecting one of the available options or using a free text field. The ability to define questions and answers depending on the call type or skillgroup decreases the time necessary to fill out the form / script. The solution is part of the Enhanced (and Premium) Bundle of 2Ring Gadgets for Cisco Finesse  and thus it is available for Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise (Cisco UCCE - including Packaged UCCE) and Cisco Unified Contact Center Express (Cisco UCCX) v10-12.x.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89610/

name: NFX System
description:  http://www.aiphone.co.jp/nurse_call/nfx_lan/fukushi_system/index.html
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89627/

name: ASC EVOip Server Software
description:  EVOip active for Cisco UCM uses Build-in-Bridge interface of Cisco UCM to provide a centralized, active recording. Configuration of SPAN or mirroring ports is not required any more for this solution. Onwards Cisco UCM > 6.0” offers an advanced option to actively record calls. Up to now, active call recording required the setup of real conference calls to the recorder. This means that the right conference resources (e. g. external “conference bridges”) were needed. The current Cisco phone types come equipped with the right resources (a so-called Built-in Bridge – BIB), offering the additional option of having the phones set up a kind of “silent conference” to the recorder. The ASC EVOip active recorder is advertised in the Cisco environment as a so-called SIP trunk. The recording is realized by SIP calls that are initiated directly to the recorder. If the new BIB phones are used, two individual SIP calls are set up to the recorder. Every SIP call contains one call direction of the communication to be recorded. This way, a stereo recording is achieved.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89701/

name: VMS (Voice Management Suite)
description:  The Atea  Systems Reporting Suite is a business tool which enables an organisation to use vital information from its telephony system. The Reporting Suite interacts with Cisco Call Manager to extract key data in a business usable format. This enables managers to more accurately control and allocate the costs associated with a telephony network. It provides business level reporting in the essential areas of:  Call Cost Reallocation and Management  Network Operational Performance  Staff Telephone Responsiveness
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89709/

name: Anna4; Anna4-Huntgroups
description:  The Analysis Software for company-wide telephone performance delivers everything that you have wanted to know about your company. For example, how well your company is reachable by telephone, how many customer calls are lost, how long customers have to wait until they get through as well as how the employee reaction time is or how your customers‘ call behavior is.  Anna4 call analysis software enables enterprises to monitor, control and manage their telecom costs and by easy to use statistics helping to plan hardware and human resources adequately to better serve their customers. The quality of phone behaviour of all employees is in focus of this application. For CUCM special Huntgroup analysis is available.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89720/

name: 9600IP DECT
description: The 9600IP DECT is a Wireless hospitality phone that supports SIP and POE
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89799/

name: Media Enhanced Education & Training Suite (MEETS)
description: CirQlive MEETS is a powerful, reliable solution for live online education and training. Our technology enables you to easily and efficiently integrate Cisco WebEx and the LMS you’re already using. The MEETS solution ties multiple platforms together and delivers:

Seamless integration with leading LMS applications such as Blackboard Learn, Moodle, Brightspace, Sakai, Canvas, Totara, and more.
One central hub connecting course materials, calendars, scheduling, attendance records, grades, video recordings and more – all with a single sign-on.
Secure account management that uses state-of-the-art encryption for your valuable account information.

MEETS is built to work a wide range of web conferencing services, including Cisco WebEx Meeting Center, Training Center and Event Center. To learn more about WebEx integration with CirQlive, download the Joint Solutions Brief in the Resources tab.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89802/

name: CONNECT Paging
description:  "CONNECT Paging" allows organization to communicate with everyone at one time or to target specific groups or individuals.  It provides a common system for announcements, emergency broadcasts, text notifications and voice notifications.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89832/

name: CONNECT RSS Feed
description:  The RSS Feeds administration module allows RSS Feeds administrators to select RSS feeds of interest in order to customize how it will be displayed to the user.  RSS Feeds can be either internet URLs and/or company local news published to the IP phone users.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89833/

name: CONNECT Speed Dialer
description:  “CONNECT Speed Dialer” provides a fast and easy way of making calls to your favorite contacts with the touch of a single icon; By allowing you to assign speed dialing icons for the contacts.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89834/

name: CONNECT Screen Saver
description:  “CONNECT Screen Saver” is fast and powerful tool to change your IP Phone idle time to a beautiful show of your favorite images.  Each User can easily upload his favourite images to be displayed on his IP Phone idle time.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89835/

name: CONNECT EM Single Sign On
description:  “CONNECT EM Single Sign On” is an application which automatically logs the user into the Extension Mobility as he logs into windows and logout extension mobility with windows shutdown.   
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89849/

name: Web Portal Enabled Telepresence for Prisoners
description:  The solution contains multiple solutions/compoments:   TelePresence units  Full TelePresence Infrastructure  for TP Units control, monitoring/management, multi-conference & recording  SSL VPN for secure remote Access integrated with Web Portal Authentication  CONNECT-PS Authentication & CUCM User Assignment Application  CONNECT-PS Application Customization to Cisco Jabber Web plugin enabling Cisco softphone and Jabber services to run inside the web browser with conference Timer & Notifications  CONNECT Professional Services Integration between all systems & CONNECT-PS Application 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89855/

name: CONNECT Currency Converter
description:  “CONNECT Currency Converter” is an application which converts between multiple currencies. The application user just uses his IP Phone to easily convert between the currencies.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89856/

name: CONNECT Flight Schedule
description:  CONNECT Flight Schedule tracks upcoming and in-air flights.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89857/

name: CONNECT Email Management for Call Center
description:  “CONNECT Email Management for Call Center” offers rich UCCX reporting tool to make accurate calls and Emails statistics.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89860/

name: Barcode Handy Terminal (BHT-1200)
description:  High performance Barcode Handy Terminal with Windows CE 6.0 and IEEE802.11a/b/g/n.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89894/

name: Microsoft Dynamics CRM  Omnichannel CTI Connector
description: Our connector integrates Cisco Unified Contact Center Express, Enterprise or PCCE with Microsoft Dynamics CRM for CTI (Computer Telephony Integration) call controls in the Unified Service Desk, eliminating the need for agents to switch between different applications.
Besides voice, the connector supports multimedia collaboration channels such as Email, Chat, SMS and Social Media for both UCCX and UCCE platforms. In case of UCCX, we use our Media Routing Engine and for UCCE, we use Cisco Unified Queuing APIs.
Alternatively, use our Microsoft Screen-pop connector, which integrates with Cisco Finesse Agent Desktop and opens CRM contact URL in a browser tab on call arrival. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89961/

name: F5 Traffix Signaling Delivery Controller (SDC)
description:  The Traffix Signaling Delivery Controller (SDC) has been retired as a offering and this should be removed.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89970/

name: DIVOS 3 log
description: DIVOS 3 log – Multimedia Recorder for mission critical applications (e.g. Air Traffic Mgmt, Public Safety etc). All actions and decisions in mission critical operations are based on multiple information sources that are provided through various means. To get the complete picture, all information is relevant. DIVOS 3 log is more than a run-of-the-mill recording system. It has been especially developed to respond to the needs of mission critical environments.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/89984/

name: Gluware
description: Pre-Integrated Best-Practice Architectures: CCIE-level knowledge of IOS features and Cisco architectures to meet needs of complex WAN design deployment, including IWAN, PfRv3, QoS and DMVPN
Increased Agility: Deploy your WAN architectures in hours or days compared to weeks or months
Automatic Compatibility Checks: Validates specific hardware and IOS configurations against required features
Network Optimization: Ensures network consistency across the WAN for enhanced performance and compliance
Zero-Touch Provisioning: Remotely provision new hardware equipment without the need of expert networking engineers onsite
Built-in Risk Mitigation: Built in notification of provisioning inconsistencies
Enterprise Scalability: Deploy advanced features for thousands of devices
Intuitive User Interface: loud-based portal to view and control all network devices and monitoring activity
Control Network Evolution: Leverage your existing and future physical and virtual infrastructure as you layer in SDN
For further information please visit these websites:
    Glue Demo Videos 
    Glue white paper
    Moor white paper
    http://www.gluenetworks.com/gartner-report
    Forbes.com
    IWAN integration
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90025/

name: NetMatch-S Lite Edition (LE)
description: NetMatch-S is the Italtel Session Border Controller able to provide:

A demarcation point between SIP domains, acting as B2BUA at different layers:

network-to-network
single / multi enterprise-to-network
user-to-network


A SIP session controller between SIP end point devices and the SIP networks for VoIP and Video connections (and also web connections from/to SIP networks as webRTC gateway)
A SIP and Media traffic handler at the borders between the 2 SIP domains, solving incompatibility with protocol normalization and media transcoding

NetMatch-S, as SBC, provides all the features necessary to establish SIP-based interconnections among different networks and delivers voice, video and multimedia sessions with definite QoS across IP network borders. Three main functions are performed by NetMatch-S: Securing network, Interconnecting and interworking, Session admission control.
NetMatch-S is available with different editions according to platforms and performances. Among them, NetMatch-S Lite Edition (LE) is the pure software-based solution, running over COTS hardware, Cisco UCS included, in single or HA configuration.
NetMatch-S LE can be used either Service Providers side or Enterprise side. In function of this, the product has been designed from the start to ensure the multitenant operation mode. Thanks to this characteristic NetMatch-S LE can find its natural location in the Cisco HCS (Hosted Collaboration Solution) where it is used as aggregation layer element. All the features required to use Netmatch-S LE in HCS are fully supported.
NetMatch-S products family includes the Cloud Inside (CI) edition, that is the first “cloud-inside” Session Border Controller, specifically designed for deployment in Data Center/Cloud Environments that uses Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) and Software Defined Networking (SDN) technologies to help operators move towards the Telco in the Cloud Model. It offers all the functionalities and flexibility of the previous Italtel NetMatch-S Product Lines enhanced by an increased level of functionality and capacity scaling to address dynamically evolving scenarios and to reduce Time-To-Market.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90138/

name: PeterConnects Inhouse Paging
description:  PETER Connects Inhouse Paging is an application which connects the Cisco Unified Communication Manager to existing paging-systems. With a voice-response layer for the caller and the destination (in case of a meet-me request). With PETER Connects Inhouse Paging it is possible to sent call-me requests (in/external number is sent to pager) and meet-me requests (caller is waiting for beeped person to be picked up). It is also possible to sent text-messages out of the PETER Connects Attendant-console to the pagers. The interfaces supported are ESPA 4.4.3, ESPA 4.4.4 and OAS (proprietary Ascom).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90161/

name: e2XHD High Density Patching System
description: The e2XHD Fiber and Copper Patching System is an easy-to-connect, high-density solution for enterprise and data center applications, where fast deployment and simple maintenance are critical.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90183/

name: MazeMap
description: MazeMap is a provider of indoor navigation to help users find their way in large and complex buildings and areas like hospitals and University campuses. With MazeMap users can use their own smartphone, tablet or laptop for way-finding indoors as well as outdoors. See www.mazemap.com.
The service MazeMap can be used when planning to visit a large building like a hospital or university campus. The user can then see which building to go to, where to park or where the nearest public transports is. MazeMap can also be used while visiting a large building to get turn by turn navigation. The user can search for all rooms, objects or resources available in a building and see where it is on an indoor map. The user will also be shown his own position on the indoor map and a route between what he searched for and his own position will be displayed. Users can also search for different resources like nearest toilet, nearest study room, nearest parking etc.
MazeMap makes it easier to navigate in large buildings and the service reduces stress and increase predictability for visitors, students, patients or even employees. MazeMap enables better logistics, better service and reduce the load at counters. It is easy to send visitors invitations with a link of where to go, either for meetings or examinations.
MazeMap uses existing Wi-Fi infrastructure and floor prints to enable the service. This makes the service very scalable and affordable for building owners. The service is provided both as a web service and as an App, at Google Play and AppStore, to be able to help all users find their way, no matter if they have a smart phone, tablet or laptop. The service can be tested at www.mazemap.com
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90212/

name: PhonEX ONE
description: PhonEX™ONE is a flexible, web-based solution for communications management and control in enterprises that deploy major UC environments. The application delivers a consolidated unified communications reporting, traffic analysis and fraud detection tool suitable for any business domain/environment (finances, healthcare, real estate or education).  
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90233/

name: Finesse Gadgets
description: Customer Profile Gadget
Provides your agents with information about the customers as soon as they call. The Customer Profile Gadget collects information both from the IVR and your organization’s customer database in order to display an accurate profile of the customer. This helps the agent better identify and troubleshoot the issues related to each call.
Customer History Gadget
Enables agents to see previously recorded call information from the customer. This information might include the reason for the call, as well as the exact date the call was made. The Customer History Gadget provides your agents with the ability to compare current customer input with the previously recorded information, which significantly impacts your contact center’s  FCR and AHT indicators.
Ticketing Gadget
The Ticketing Gadget provides a centralized system that manages all ticketing activities of an organization. Providing an easy-to-use interface that’s fully integrated within Cisco Finesse, the Ticketing Gadget reduces the complexity of customer support & request management. By having detailed information about the caller at their fingertips, agents are able to service the caller in the least amount of time. 
Workflow Gadget
The Workflow Gadget eliminates the learning curve for agents and supervisors that follow any workflow process, including cross-selling. By using the Workflow Gadget, agents no longer have to learn scripts as they can simply select choices based on customer feedback and follow the prompts through the process. 
Knowledgebase Gadget
The Finesse Knowledgebase Gadget puts key information at the fingertips of the agents. The result: agents help customers more quickly, which drives down the Average Call Handle Time all while increasing customer satisfaction levels. 
Wrap Up Gadget
Tell your agents that wrapping-up calls by manually entering after call information into a wrap-up form is a thing of the past. The Wrap-Up gadget will automatically process all the call-related information and perform all tasks that would usually need to be performed by the agent after disconnecting with the customer. 
Jabbar Gadget
Enable your contact center agents to reach experts within your organization. The agent will no longer need to switch between windows in order to open their Jabber Client, as the Jabber Gadget incorporates this feature within the Finesse Interface. Jabber provides agents with features such as access presence, instant messaging (IM), voice and video messaging, desktop sharing and conferencing.
Map Gadget
The Map Gadget has a built-in Geographic Information System (GIS) feature that allows agents to easily pinpoint the addresses of your customers worldwide without them having to switch away from the Finesse Desktop Interface. 
Statistics Gadget
What better way to keep agents motivated and well-informed on their progress than by having their individual KPIs displayed on-screen and being able to compare them with the average KPIs of the team as a whole? The Statistics Gadget provides a clean way of viewing and analyzing your contact center’s statistics without having to click back and forth between tabs.
Browser Gadget
A multi-tab browser that allows agents to easily navigate among multiple windows and provides quick access to both the internet and other web-based applications, which speeds up the troubleshooting process and allows agents to focus more on the caller. The Browser Gadget provides agents with a full set of tools, all in one place.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90314/

name: Finesse Gadget Designer
description: NovelVox’s revolutionary Finesse Gadgets Builder for UCCE and UCCX. Never buy another gadget again, just build what you need, when you need it.
Now included free with NovelVox’s Finesse Unified Agent Desktop (FUAD), Finesse Gadget Designer is a drag and drop Cisco Finesse Gadget builder, designed for Contact Centers to fully customize their gadgets to match their business requirements.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90315/

name: Spectrum Ultra-Link II Software for UCC Express
description:  Ultra-Link software is an award winning software solution that resides on a PC and collects data from UCCX.  This data is staged in the Ultra-Link database to be manipulated to meet customer requirements.  Ultra-Link is designed for LED wallboards only. For a full featured solution review the Spectrum neXorce solution.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90386/

name: Precision VM (formerly Freedom)
description:  Precision VM is a cost effective voice mail platform designed specifically for the hospitality industry and is easily integrated with Cisco Unified Communications Manager. Precision VM provides you with the ability to select features specifically for your property and also allows scalability whether your property is 100 keys or 1000, Precision VM allows you to upgrade your voice mail at a fraction of the cost!
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90407/

name: AeroScout Pharmaceutical & Chemicals
description:  Pharmaceutical and chemical plant environments require taking special measures to ensure personnel safety. Providing full visibility to people's whereabouts in case of an emergency is extremely crucial to a safe evacuation. Real-time visibility of products and equipment across the enterprise drives operations efficiency and prevents shrinkage and loss. The AeroScout solution offers automated monitoring of conditions such as temperature and humidity of assets and areas. AeroScout's tags and infrastructure are also available in an Intrinsically Safe form factor for explosion-sensitive environments.  AeroScout's visibility solutions leverage standard Wi-Fi wireless networks to deliver direct benefits to pharmaceutical and chemical manufacturing facilities. Customers can improve personnel safety, increase operations efficiency and overall profitability.  “Our deployment of this pioneering solution follows extensive evaluation of its functionality and costs. The tested solution gives our workers a greater sense of confidence that their safety is being monitored in ways that have never been possible before in our industry. In addition, its proven cost effectiveness has allowed us to deploy the solution across the entire refinery.” Quotation by Marathon Oil 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90437/

name: ReDat VoIP Recorder
description:  ReDat® VoIP Recorder covers standard, proprietary and advanced technology. It also provides support for recording PC screens.ReDat® VoIP Recorder requires no specialized hardware - recording is proceeded by using standard Ethernet interface. Recording is running automatically or after confirmation due to the settings. Control and work with data, sorting and searching are performed by standard operating tools. It is a scalable product which covers requirements for economic solution as well as large VoIP systems depending on customer requests. A modular design allows you to incorporate the product under ReDat ® Application Server and build a large distributed recording system using communication via LAN or WAN.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90484/

name: OceanFax Fax Server
description: As the leading fax server in Hong Kong and China market, OceanFax is able to increase employee's working efficiency by automating fax delivery; realize paperless operations by converting paper-based document into electronic document. Companies can reduce costs by eliminating manual fax operation; and improve customer service by using secure and reliable fax delivery over the internet.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90537/

name: Soft-ex Optimiser
description: Many enterprises simply do not have the time, resource or budget to analyse and optimise the performance and costs of their networks and call handling staff. The ability or inability to manage such telecom issues has a significant impact on company performance and costs. The key challenge with telecom expense management is to cut costs whilst not compromising service or infrastructure.
Despite the fact that call rates are getting cheaper, costs are rising due to: * increased mobile and data consumption * network complexities such as an increasingly mobile workforce, convergence of voice and data, and the lack of centralised management * more frequent usage and billing errors * incorrect inventory.
Optimiser delivers management information to the desktop to enable individual users’ visibility of the telephony usage and costs they are responsible for on a constant basis. Departmental/cost centre managers can also manage their telephony costs against their budgets and ensure productivity is at its optimum across their team. Optimiser increases visibility on telecom expenditure allowing significant cost savings and ROI. We provide unified reporting on fixed and mobile for call usage management, invoice verification, charge back analysis, inventory management, voice security, QoS,  response analysis and policy management.
The latest release from Soft-ex, Version 5.5 offers a new intuitive User-Interface, providing greater visibility and requiring less user-training. The intuitive navigation enables users to gain quick insights into key telecoms data. Optimiser is available as a hosted service or as an on-site solution. Optimiser will work for systems up to at least 100,000 extensions and has multi-carrier, multi-country, multi-site and multi-user support.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90540/

name: AeroScout T2-EB Industrial Tag
description:  The AeroScout T2-EB Industrial Tag is a model tailored for industrial environments and equipment. It was specifically designed for use cases that require tags with extended battery life and ruggedized enclosures for both indoor and outdoor environments. T2-EB Tag messages can be received and processed by standard Wi-Fi access points as well as by AeroScout Location Receivers, keeping infrastructure costs low and installation simple.  The T2-EB Tag can endure very high levels of rugged usage. The tag can be attached to a wide variety of equipment and is resistant to the indoor and outdoor environmental hazards associated with industrial, shipping and high traffic environments. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90542/

name: ClickNDial
description: ClickNDial is a PC application than enhances user productivity taking advantage of Cisco Communication Manager bundled CTI. With ClickNDial, Cisco IP Phone users can easily select a phone number in any application or search for it, in a personal contact list or in the corporate directory, and dial from his PC. ClickNDial CTI module also offers:

popup
CTI control
presence
call history

ClickNDial is easily deployed on Windows computers.
ClickNDial can be configured to enable searching in corporate directories (Active Directory, Exchange, Lotus Notes, OPEN LDAP, ...).
Users can search in corporate directories by pressing the first characters of the contact's last name or first name (up to four search fields may be set).  Contact results will display, administrator defined (last name, first name, department, etc.).Users may then select from several phone numbers assigned to the contact.  Email address can be displayled and used to create a mail via the default mail client.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90561/

name: TAnnounce
description: TAnnounce is a solution for Cisco Unified Communications Manager making it possible to play preregistered announces/messages for the incoming calls on direct numbers, attendant number or Line group.
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90566/

name: SMS text messaging for CAD, CTIOS & FINESSE
description: 
WEBTEXT solutions provide messaging that connects mobile customers to contact center and enterprise.


WEBTEXT brings the additional channels of SMS text and MMS picture messaging to Cisco contact centers to transform customer experience.

WEBTEXT is the only messaging company fully integrated with every Cisco contact center platform on the market. We give customers the option to use messaging in support of voice, enabling more customers to be handled in their preferred channel with their preferred device. Customer experience - the way it should be.
WEBTEXT cloud based service makes integration into Cisco contact centers fast, painless and low cost.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90596/

name: Spectralink DECT Server 2500/8000
description:  It is a flexible add-on solution that can be assembled to match exact business needs. You get all the benefits of an enterprise solution, but it can be tailored to meet the needs of smaller businesses with room grow easily and inexpensively.  You can deploy the solution as either analog, SIP VoIP, or a combination of analog and SIP VoIP telephony. If you want to migrate to a full SIP VoIP solution, simply change an interface card. The Spectralink DECT Server 2500/8000 solution supports up to 4095 wireless users and 1024 simultaneous calls. The server runs on an open interface and supports third-party applications, which allows the solution to be customized to your exact needs.  With the possibility of a combined analog and VoIP interface, the Spectralink DECT Server 2500/8000 solution provides seamless migration that can be carried out completely or stepwise in accordance with changes in business needs.   
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90603/

name: FrontDesk Attendant Console
description: Main benefits of telisca FrontDesk Attendant Console:

Simple to use
Powerful features: multiple companies, multiple agents, reverse lookup, emails 
notifications, voicemail transfers, VIP...
Modern and friendly user interface
Options for welcome message, business hours, stats
Shares the same server as all the other Telisca Apps
Affordable

The directory functionality is based on IPS Global Directory allowing the import of contacts from Active Directory, LDAP, CUCM, Oracle, SQL, Informix, text, excel files...Optionally, Attendant Console can play a welcome message (before pickup) and on no answer, busy and out of hours. Application usage statistics reports are accessible from the administration and can be sent by email.
 
How it works
 
Telisca FrontDesk Attendant Console is available in 3 configurations:
 

telisca Server (CTI) + PC Clients
telisca Server (CTI) + PC Clients + audio messages (statistics reports option)
PC Clients serverless (available from Q2 2014)

 
The telisca CTI server communicates with the cluster’s CUCM CTI Manager via JTAPI, to control the telephony and presence. A CUP server is not required for Attendant Console to work. The server also provides the directory engine with IPS Global Directory to integrate the Console with many contacts sources. 
 
An additional server can be installed for fault tolerance with the Hot Standby module. One server supports up to 64 Attendant Consoles.The PC client is easily deployed on Windows with an MSI installer or by copying files. The client is updated automatically. Windows versions supported: XP (with .Net 3.5), 7, 8 and 8.1. 
 
telisca FrontDesk Attendant Console is available in English and French, contact us to add a new language. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90607/

name: Teleopti WFM Cloud - Workforce Management
description: Teleopti WFM Cloud is the leading cloud Workforce Management solution for contact centers. With a full suite of tools from forecasting, schedule, people management, monitoring and intraday action, companies can deliver optimized and effective customer service across a wide spectrum of channels including phone, email, chat and social networks. Building on a powerful base set of functionalities, each customer can optimize the solution through optional modules to ensure a tailored approach to meeting challenges in a cost-effective manner. The solution is highly configurable, allowing multiple working practices 
and geographical spread.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90637/

name: ReDat eXperience
description:  The new ReDat® eXperience includes a complete set of tools for telephony recording control and quality management in contact centres, including speech analysis and PC screens´ recording and many more. Next, it offers other new utilities for classification of users and recording sources. We have also improved the control tools for users to access basic system functions more convenienly.  Thanks to the modular design you can combine various ReDat modules according to your company needs. However, we will not burden you with functions, which you never utilize.To accommodate specific requirements customer can choose from the series of descrete modules including various logger units, modules for long-term archiving, quality management, voice analysis, recording verification and encryption and many others.   In Cisco environment both variants of call recording are supported: passive (based on mirroring of VoIP data) and active ("Cisco Call Recording" - based on retransmission of an RTP stream to a recorder over a SIP trunk). Both methods have their pros and cons - fortunately both can be combined within one ReDat recording system. Recordings can be completed with additional data obtained from a CTI link to CUCM or CUCC (both Express and Enterprise variant is supported). To access or control call recording directly from your IP phone an optional module is available as a configurable Cisco IP Phone Service.   
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90642/

name: CallAlert
description:  CallAlert is a web based application that will automatically send e-mail, text, and audio notifications to Cisco IP phones when a specific user or number is dialed. With growing concerns surrounding security issues, Syn-Apps continues to enhance the features and functionality of CallAlert to increase security, usability, and responsiveness during emergency situtuaions. Learn more about CallAlert by visiting http://www.syn-apps.com/products/call-alert/. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90680/

name: Spectrum neXorce Software for UCC Enterprise
description:  Spectrum's neXorce Software is a solution for Call Centers that require reporting for all levels of the call center. neXorce extracts and captures data from the Cisco UCCE database tables. The tables that Spectrum extracts data from include the Skill Group RT Table, Call Type RT Table and Agent Tables. Cisco UCCE has hundreds of tables and neXorce can extract data from any of these tables.   The content from the tables is staged in the neXorce database. From this database reports are built that meet the needs of all levels of the call center. Agents, Supervisors, and Managers can all receive reports with content designed specifically for them.   The reports are built to be displayed on desktops, dashboards, LCD Screens, web based reports, LED wallboards, email and smartphones
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90700/

name: Galaxy Plus
description:  Galaxy Plus Headset - This is a Yoke style headset for heavy duty call centre application. Designed for comfortable use and to provide value for money. This headset can be used with both desk top hard phones and soft phones with appropriate interfaces.     TLK USB adaptor - TLK USB adaptors are desigined for "Plug and Play" applications and does not require any additional driver with specifed soft phones.  Customers have option to choose between a TLK SP 30 USB version and a Digital USB version depending on the needs.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90724/

name: IPS Phone Config
description: IPS Phone Config supports associated phones or Extension Mobility mode. On multi-lines IP Phones, configuration and toggle action may be set on selected line. IPS Phone Config user interface is available in English, French, German and Spanish. IPS Phone Config configuration and default parameters are defined from a Web interface.
 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90775/

name: CM7100 Console Server
description: Smart OOB™ for advanced console management
The CM7100 extends beyond traditional out-of-band management. Proactively detects faults before they become failures. Monitors and logs systems health and physical environmental conditions. Monitors and controls UPS and power status (disruptions, surges, power cycling). Beyond devices — monitors temperature, humidity, motion, water, door access. Alert operators and undertake pre-set complex actions depending on what is detected. Provides secure access to 16, 32 or 48 serial consoles via your preferred SSH client or integrated HTTPS AJAX web terminal.
More features, better value
Advanced monitoring notifies you of server kernel panics, network console warnings, unplugged cables and environmental alarms. Alerts can be automatically escalated for protracted outages, and pre-set complex remedial actions taken, depending on what is detected. 4GB embedded storage stores console session logs for audit and troubleshooting. TFTP server for remote backup and restore of managed device configuration, OS upgrades and recovery.
Built-in redundancy, reliability and flexibility
Dual AC feed inlets and dual internal power supplies support automatic failover for increased uptime. Dual USB ports allow attachment of peripherals like additional storage and USB consoles. Dual Gigabit Ethernet ports facilitate connections to both primary and secondary networks.
Strong security, granular access control
The CM7100 supports Active Directory, OpenLDAP, Kerberos, RADIUS and TACACS+ enterprise AAA systems. Default-deny security policies lock down remote access to permitted users and groups. FIPS 140-2 validated encryption for military grade applications and supports encryption of sensitive management traffic via HTTPS, SSH and VPN, including OpenVPN and IPsec.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90789/

name: Nexpose
description: Data breaches are growing at an alarming rate. Your attack surface is constantly changing, the adversary is becoming more nimble than your security teams, and your board wants to know what you are doing about it. Nexpose gives you the confidence you need to understand your attack surface, focus on what matters, and create better security outcomes.
You can’t reduce risk if you can’t find, validate, and contextualize it. Nexpose dynamically discovers your compete attack surface and finds vulnerabilities you are missing today. Understand your threat exposure by determining if your vulnerabilities can be exploited and if your compensating controls are deployed successfully. Contextualize the risks to get a true picture of your risks as they align to your modern digital business.
It’s impossible to remediate every risk. With Nexpose, the highest risks are prioritized using threat intelligence aligned with what’s important to your business. Focusing your remediation efforts on taking the most impactful actions will allow you to reduce the most risk with the least amount of effort and keep your IT focused.
You need to prove that your decisions, in fact, are reducing risk. Nexpose allows you to easily see your risk level changing based upon your remediation efforts. Compare different IT remediation teams against each other to understand where you should spend energy and budget. Ensure you are compliant to both internal and external requirements for your vulnerability and risk management program.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90811/

name: PatientTouch Communications
description: PatientTouch® Communications provides the only health system-grade, unified, clinical communication solution handling WiFi calling, secure texting, alerting, care team assignment, and patient care delivery workflows in a single, mobile application to deliver a Connected Patient Care® network.
This clinical communications and caregiver collaboration network uses SIP trunks connected directly to Cisco Unified Communications Manager and the hospital WiFi network to create a robust, enterprise-grade WiFi Calling solution. The result transforms your trusted unified communications platform into a Unified Clinical Communications Network that is scalable and reliable for health system enterprise use. And the smartphone-based platform mobilizes clinicians inside and outside the hospital. 
PatientTouch Communications delivers the information caregivers want, in a format they need - patient-centric and clinically-relevant. All in one application. Right in their pocket. Improving the speed, accuracy, and workflow efficiency of clinical staff - the bottom line to improved patient care and cost reduction. 
Experience how PatientTouch Communications helps caregivers deliver safe, efficient, and quality care. Experience a new way of delivering patient care. Get in touch, with PatientTouch Communications today.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90855/

name: MARS Silent Monitoring
description: Parsec’s MARS Silent Monitor & Whisper-Coaching application for Cisco Unified Communications Manager allows a supervisor to silently monitor & whisper/coach to a monitored agent during a conversation between an agent and a customer without the customer or agent knowing that he/she is being monitored.

Supervisor can Monitor, Whisper-Coach agents using his Cisco mobile device 7925 IP Phone also.
Application supports Cisco Jabber Windows Client also.
The application does not require Cisco UCCX/UCCE for enabling the monitoring feature in CUCM.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90895/

name: Purple - Guest and Social WiFi
description: Purple is a powerful, secure and cloud-based solution that detects all nearby WiFi-enabled devices. By allowing your guests to use social media (or a short form) to log in to your network, you can: 

Learn detailed demographic information like age, gender and geographical location 
Gain valuable insights – how often customers visit, how long they stay, how they explore the venue – via the Purple Portal, our unique reporting and marketing suite 
Market to customers in real-time as they enter and browse your store or venue 

Purple is fully integrated with Cisco Wireless and Cisco Meraki and offers stability to deliver on opportunities across the scale. Learn how we helped Stables Market Camden exceed customer expectations. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90951/

name: Shadow CMS Enterprise
description: Shadow CMS Enterprise is an all-in-one collaboration analytics platform that helps you measure, monitor and manage the health of your collaboration ecosystem. The solution helps Cisco Collaboration customers to minimize misuse, prevent system hacks, improve adoption, increase customer satisfaction and accelerate their digital transformation through detailed call accounting, team collaboration analytics, call center reporting and emergency notification.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90973/

name: Enterprise Behavioral Pairing
description: Afiniti is the world’s leading applied artificial intelligence and advanced analytics provider. Afiniti Enterprise Behavioral Pairing™ uses artificial intelligence to identify subtle and valuable patterns of human interaction in order to pair individuals on the basis of behavior, leading to more successful interactions and measurable increases in enterprise profitability.

Afiniti operates throughout the world, and has measurably driven billions of dollars in incremental value to its clients. Afiniti has over 150 deployments in major enterprises across a range of sectors, including telecommunications, insurance, financial services, hospitality and healthcare, and has optimized more than 600,000 agents and 700 million customers. Afiniti’s technology continually learns and improves, analyzing 1.3 million interactions every day to refine its pairings.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/90995/

name: Firewall Migration Solution (FWM)
description:  FWM is a web based tool.  It can be used by Cisco AS, Cisco partner and customers to convert third party firewalls configurations into Cisco ASA Firewall configurations and also old ASA platform configuration to new ASA-X platform.  The converted configurations may then be further tuned manually to create the final configuration, which is expected to deliver similar functionality to the original pre-converted firewall.  The following are high level functionalities of the tool related to migration of various source platforms to target platforms.   Checkpoint to ASA Conversion   This feature provides the following functionality:   Import Checkpoint configuration  Parse configuration  Generate a target ASA configuration file    Juniper SRX to ASA Conversion    This feature provides the following functionality:   Import SRX configuration  Parse configuration  Generate ASA configuration file    ASA to ASA-X Conversion   This feature provides the following functionality:   Import old ASA configuration  Parse configuration  Generate ASA-X configuration file 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/91004/

name: RC4-PSB
description: The RC4-PSB is comprised of a camera module, head-end/codec module, power supply and all codec and camera connectivity cables supporting the Cisco PHD 4XS2 camera and C Series/SX80 codecs. The camera is powered over the CAT5e or CAT6 UTP cable from the head-end module, negating the need to accommodate 120V at the camera location.  The camera module integrates elegantly with our RCM-PH1 camera wall mount for a clean installation.  The RCR-PH1 recessed camera mount supports ADA compliance of the PHD 12X camera when deployed at a height of 80" or less. The head-end module integrates with our RC-RK2 rack shelf for a cable managed deployment in the rack. 
The RC4-PSB is an industry exclusive.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/91050/

name: VIP-204 SIP Paging Server
description:  The PagePro IP VIP-204 SIP Paging Server is a SIP based paging server designed for use with virtually all IP based telephone systems.   The VIP-204 can form the foundation of most paging projects.   The unit allows up to 100 IP paging zones, and supports up to 4 concurrent non-conflicting pages. This PagePro IP unit can drive thousands of IP speakers, analog speakers and provide the audio source for legacy paging systems. It can simultaneously drive any combination of these paging applications.  The zones can be accessed individually or in flexible groups. Multiple VIP-204 devices can be grouped together for future expansion.  The Store and Play feature provides feedback elimination and the Night Ring feature provides loud ring alerting.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/91155/

name: Verint Workforce Optimization Suite
description: 
Impact 360 Workforce Optimization Suite
 



Optimize Customer Service Delivery
In today’s business environment, customer service is everything. To stay ahead of the competition, you have to deliver first-rate service, consistently and cost-effectively, across different communications channels and locations. Verint® Impact 360® Workforce Optimization is the industry’s first 5th generation workforce optimization solution. It combines software and services to help your business improve everything — from customer interactions in your contact center to underlying back-office business processes that impact the customer experience. With Impact 360 Workforce Optimization, you can gain a new level of visibility into processes, performance, and customer intelligence across your enterprise.Impact 360 Workforce Optimization captures information on workforce performance, customer interactions, customer service processes, and customer loyalty to help your call center or multimedia contact center change processes, adjust staffing, and make other decisions that may impact the cost and quality of the customer experience. It combines software and services into a single, unified contact center workforce optimization portfolio that includes:

Quality monitoring
Recording
Voice of the customer analytics
Speech analytics
Data analytics
Text analytics
Customer feedback surveys
Enterprise feedback management
Desktop and process analytics
Workforce management
Performance management
eLearning
Coaching
Add-on options

Continually Improve Customer Service
Impact 360 Workforce Optimization provides a closed-loop system for continuous performance improvement, helping you to:

Capture customer interactions in their entirety, selectively, on demand, or randomly.
Analyze data from customer interactions to understand trends and root causes.
Establish realistic forecasts and performance goals.
Schedule and deploy the right number of staff with the appropriate skills.
Centralize, interpret, and use customer feedback across multiple channels and systems to drive customer service and business strategies.
Measure and analyze performance and processes to identify execution issues and excellence.
Make decisions that improve service delivery, efficiency, products, processes, and profits.
Drive improvement by delivering targeted training and coaching or re-engineering processes.
Refine your forecasts and performance goals based on key performance indicators and other valuable data you’ve collected.

Impact 360 is available as a comprehensive solution or in packages that target different areas of call center operations. Complementary and optional functionality can be added to Impact 360 solutions to help you meet specific customer service requirements.For more information about Impact 360 Workforce Optimization and Impact 360 Express Workforce Optimization, call your local Verint office or contact us via our online form.


url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/91181/

name: MC17 Series Retail Mobile Computer
description:  Get the tools you need to deliver a new level of service excellence for customers and improve associate productivity with the MC17 Retail Mobile Computer. Raise the bar for self-service by allowing customers to scan items while they shop to reduce time in the checkout line, create gift lists and more — all at the press of a few buttons. Improve your value to customers with targeted promotions and offers that are custom tailored based on buying preferences. Empower store associates to more efficiently manage inventory and pricing at the shelf edge. Reduce your overhead costs and improve customer loyalty today — with the MC17 Series multi-function mobile computer.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/91230/

name: Zenoss Service Dynamics
description:  The key principles that drove our initial offerings are even more relevant today as organizations drive towards the vision of automated operations and hybrid cloud infrastructure.   Unified: One platform for cross-domain monitoring, deep analytics and automated remediation  Simplified: Simple building blocks, rapid customization, remove complexity wherever possible  Model-Driven: Maximize intelligence and automation through real-time, model-based understanding  Service-Focused: Enable operating from an end-user, service-based perspective  Scale-Out: Elastically expand to "cloud scale" with horizontal distribution  The Power of Open: Open ecosystem, open source, open integration, open standards, open collaboration  Value for Money: Get more than what you pay for, align interests with subscription contracts 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/spp/solutions/91236/

name: Cisco ACI and BMC Remedy joint solution
description: The BMC Remedy ITSM Integration with Cisco ACI provides single-console visibility of your entire IT infrastructure and automatically correlates it to the associated business services, resulting in business-aware IT operations. Automated incident and problem management workflows drastically improve resolution times and help prevent future incidents. Further, the solution provides automated ticket creation and tracking workflows, helping resolve issues and requests efficiently. Solution Overview: https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/application-centric-infrastructure/solution-overview-c22-740888.pdf
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0008/

name: Cisco ACI and SevOne joint solution
description: The SevOne SDN Monitoring Solution 2.0 automatically detects physical and virtual endpoints as they come online and immediately monitors their performance in the context of how they were provisioned. Cisco ACI networks provide reliability, security, and optimal application performance using automation. When integrated with Cisco ACI, the SevOne SDN Monitoring Solution helps operators automatically understand both physical hardware and virtual network performance, providing a complete view of overall data center health. Solution Overview: http://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/application-centric-infrastructure/solution-overview-c22-737975.pdf
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0018/

name: Cisco CNAE and Turbonomic joint solution
description: Cisco and Turbonomic together deliver continuous intent assurance and self-healing from the logical layer through the hardware. This solution gives operators the confidence that, as the network dynamically changes, it is always operating consistently with their intent throughout the workload lifecycle. And when things go wrong that are outside of their control, their systems will self-heal before applications’ quality of service degrades. Solution Overview: https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/data-center-analytics/network-assurance-engine/solution-overview-c22-740223.pdf
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0019/

name: Cisco ACI and ServiceNow joint solution
description: ServiceNow integrates with Cisco ACI open policy interfaces to provide a simple view of IT infrastructure and the way it relates to business services, with complete isolation of application tiers and data within shared infrastructure. As a result, ServiceNow provides an optimal service model and service dependency mapping view with a unified operating model, enabling Cisco ACI to make real-time adjustments to connectivity and network resource allocation. When new services are deployed, this combined solution results in optimal dynamic resource allocation for business services with a service-level agreement (SLA) guarantee. Together, Cisco ACI and ServiceNow provide IT organizations with an outstanding solution for achieving a scalable service-aware IT operations management environment.Solution Overview: https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/solutions/collateral/data-center-virtualization/application-centric-infrastructure/solution-overview-c22-737394.pdf
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0030/

name: Cisco Tetration and F5 BIG-IP  joint solution
description: Through an open API, Cisco Tetration can be easily integrated with F5 BIG-IP to extend application visibility and policy enforcement to L4–L7. The F5 BIG-IP platform is a smart evolution of ADC technology, providing load balancing, WAF, DDoS, L4 firewall, and SSL VPN services to applications. F5 BIG-IP’s full proxy gives visibility into—and the power to inspect, encrypt, decrypt, and control—all of the traffic that passes through the network. This combination of Cisco Tetration and F5 BIG-IP provides full visibility and policy enforcement from L2–L7. Solution Overview: https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/data-center-analytics/tetration-analytics/solution-overview-c22-741168.pdf
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0033/

name: Cloudera Enterprise Data Hub
description: Imagine the possibilities if you could tackle your data warehouse, data science, data engineering, search, and streaming and real-time analytics disciplines with a unified platform. Cloudera Enterprise Data Hub makes that possible, empowering you to solve the most valuable questions by marrying multi-disciplinary analytics with one source of truth.  Cloudera curates and extends an open-source core with countless unique innovations, enhanced, de-risked, and centralized to meet your business-critical enterprise requirements. With Cloudera Shared Data Experience (SDX), you can bring your choice of analytics to the data, with a unified catalog that bridges the most complex environments and ensures consistent security and granular governance. Load or stream all data into a platform that can tune your workloads and ease lifecycle management. And operate with the same reliable shared services, regardless of where you data lives, in your preferred mix of hybrid- and multi-cloud environments.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0039/

name: Hortonworks Data Platform 3.0
description: HDP 3.0 is a data management platform optimized to run next-
generation technologies efficiently and at scale, such as enterprise
ML and DL. Built-in integration with other Apache solutions
enhances performance and makes connecting HDP to the cloud
easier than before. New features, including Graphical Processing
Unit (GPU) support, provide the performance needed for compute-
heavy ML and DL workloads, while containerization support
creates an agile application deployment environment. HDP also
provides improved query optimization with features including
Apache Hive LLAP (Live Long and Process) integration.
 
Many data management platforms struggle with the performance
gap between low-latency and high-throughput workloads,
which creates resource competition. HDP 3.0 eliminates this
performance gap, enabling data scientists to process large
volumes of data, faster. Increased compliance support, with
full-chain custody of data, supports audit-readiness and meets
new security requirements, such as the “Right to be Forgotten” in
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0040/

name: Anaconda Enterprise
description: AI models need to be deployed into production in order to drive business value and propel organizations forward. However, world-beating machine learning requires petaflop-scale model training, made economically viable by GPUs, and then automated deployment into production IT environments.

Only Anaconda solves this problem: 6 million data scientists use Anaconda’s open source locally to develop and score models on a subset of data. Anaconda Enterprise 5.2 allows them to train models on the full data set at scale, including scheduling to make effective use of GPUs, and then deploy to production with one click. All without having to become an expert in infrastructure, containers, DevOps and Kubernetes.


For IT leaders, Anaconda Enterprise ensures the highest productivity environment for data scientists without forcing them into “walled garden” approaches that don’t scale. 
Anaconda Enterprise integrates directly with the organization’s authentication, source code control and data lakes and ensures end-to-end governance and control.

Anaconda Enterprise provides a GPU-accelerated cluster that can be shared across data science teams without compromising performance or isolation, using cloud native technologies including Docker and Kubernetes.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0041/

name: Alleantia
description: Nowadays in the manifacturing industry customers has many problems that in the actual shop floor scenario:
1.Industrial Devices aren’t Internet Ready 
2.Custom software to integrate different sources 
3.High cost and low data availability 
4.Connecting industrial machines takes too much time and it’s a complex and long process

The solution is powered by Alleantia Software and Cisco: Alleantia  runs on Cisco CGR 1000 putting together the Alleantia SW, Cisco HW platforms and Cisco Software functionalities to get an “All-in-one” bundle able to satisfy all the Industry 4.0 requirements:
1.Network connectivity and computing
2Harsh environment
3.Interoperability with a wide set of industrial system
4.Security
5.Easy of deployment and management with high level of automation 

There are many Innovation Outcomes as: 
1.All-in-one bundle, suitable for environments without network infrastructure as well as for environments equipped with network infrastructure
2.Support of more than 5000 industrial systems
3.Integrated security functionalities (firewalling, VPN, encryption)
4.IOS technology (wide knowledge in IT departments)
5.Automation tools to manage wide deployments 
6.Integration with Cisco Webex Team to enable humans – machines interactions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/datacenter/partners/DC0045/

name: Micro Focus
description: Network Operations Management is one of the 6 IT Operations Management solutions offered by Micro Focus. Our six ITOM suites, are prescriptive, integrated and easy to consume through simplified pricing and licensing models.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dnacenter/partners/DNAC0008/

name: Wipro Limited
description: Wipro Limited is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dnacenter/partners/DNAC0013/

name: Tableau
description: Tableau helps people transform data into actionable insights. Explore with limitless visual analytics. Build dashboards and perform ad hoc analyses in just a few clicks. Share your work with anyone and make an impact on your business. From global enterprises to early-stage startups and small businesses, people everywhere use Tableau to see and understand their data.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dnacenter/partners/DNAC0014/

name: BlueCat
description: Don’t fight network complexity. Thrive on it – with the automated DNS solution that's powered by the edge, enabling round-the-clock clarity, insight, flexibility, and control over your growing network.  That’s Adaptive DNS from BlueCat.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dnacenter/partners/DNAC0024/

name: DIBRIDGE
description: DIBRIDGE is a motivated creative and ideological team of developers.
With talented people, our Objective is to create excellent Web and Mobile Apps. With the latest technologies, we will implement your idea into the ready to market product.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dnacenter/partners/DNAC0027/

name: BayInfotech
description: BayInfotech is a Service Only partner with Cisco. We are working with Cisco partners to help augment them in emerging practice areas such as Cloud, Software Defined Networking (SDA, SDWAN), Automation and Digital Transformation.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dsi/partners/DSI0020/

name: Burns & McDonnell Engineering
description: Burns McDonnell is one of the largest (A&E) architectural and engineering firms in the United States. Their Corporation manages an engineer’s major construction projects which span many different industry areas for Cisco. These areas include: smart connected city, transportation, power and energy, utilities, smart building. They build the nations power grid and integrate Cisco technology into all of it. See attached overview. This corporation brings IOT to the utility space.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dsi/partners/DSI0022/

name: Intellicom
description: Clinical Mobility has an ambitious goal. We aim to make wireless easy for healthcare organizations. We are accomplishing this by developing healthcare’s first design standard complete with a device certification program.

It’s about lifecycle management. Architecting and designing infrastructure and thoroughly testing it with every device consumes many man hours and deep technical knowledge. Upon completing this work you start all over again as equipment vendors release new software and hardware versions. Clinical Mobility bundles this all as a lifecycle program.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dsi/partners/DSI0028/

name: Lumos Consulting
description: Lumos' team of experienced and dedicated system architects is here to help you with a fundamental shift in processes, from a traditional IT infrastructure to a modern, agile solution. Our services focus on equipping organizations with the tools, skills, and knowledge that will enable you to leverage the benefits of cloud infrastructure. Lumos helps you untangle network complexities to simplify the different functions of your company, resulting in a more efficient and productive business model.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dsi/partners/DSI0032/

name: Malisko Engineering
description: Malisko Engineering, Inc. is an award-winning Systems Integrator with extensive experience in Industrial IT, plant floor control, process automation solutions, manufacturing intelligence, power quality & energy management, and validation.  Industrial Automation and Control Systems (IACS) networks aren’t the same as enterprise networks, and treating them the same can cause severe consequences. Malisko has the knowledge and experience to implement Industrial IT solutions that meet manufacturing needs and keeps manufacturing plants secure. Malisko’s approach results in comprehensive and secure Industrial IT platforms meeting the data and information requirements of today and into the future.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dsi/partners/DSI0034/

name: VertitechIT
description: VertitechIT influences approximately $250MM in hardware and software purchases each year by providing high-level strategic counsel and sophisticated tactical support to healthcare institutions across the country, while serving select Fortune 1000 companies in the enterprise sector. Senior consultants have built and run telecommunications companies, managed IT for businesses and hospitals, and utilize that experience to provide consulting services to CIOs and leadership, serving as the tactical liaison to internal IT departments. The company’s approach results in shorter project timeframes, lower costs, and clearly defined "cutovers" to client staff for continuing operations.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/dsi/partners/DSI0043/

name: Amazon Web Services
description: Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a secure cloud services platform, offering compute power, database storage, content delivery, and more. AWS provides a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses around the world.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0002/

name: SevOne
description: Many of the world’s largest enterprises and service providers rely on SevOne cluster technology to monitor, analyze, and optimize their massive, dynamic, and complex digital infrastructure. SevOne provides real-time insights for any scale environment.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0005/

name: SolarWinds
description: SolarWinds strives to eliminate complexity for IT pros. Its products are easy to buy, use, and maintain while providing the power to address IT management problems on any scale, from small businesses to Fortune 500 enterprises.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0006/

name: Palo Alto Networks
description: Palo Alto Networks delivers cybersecurity by enabling applications and preventing cyber breaches for thousands of organizations worldwide. Built with cyber threat prevention capabilities, their security platform delivers security superior to legacy point products, safely enabling daily business operations, and protecting an organization’s most valuable assets.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0010/

name: Symantec
description: Symantec provides security, storage, and systems management solutions that help consumers secure and manage their information. For enterprise customers they offer SSL certificates, authentication, mail and web security, data center security, data loss prevention, information security services, endpoint security and management, encryption, and mobile security services offerings.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0012/

name: Cimcom
description: CIMCON Lighting's wireless street light controls provide remote monitoring and control of LED lights in Roadway, Parking Lot/Garage and Campus Solutions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0017/

name: WEG
description: WEG is a global company regarded as one of the world’s leading   manufacturers   of   energy   efficient   electric motors,  automation,  power  transmission,  renewable resource  technologies,  solar,  biomass  and  wind  power generation,    distribution    equipment    and    industrial coatings and varnishes.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0018/

name: SAS
description: SAS has been the global market leader for analytics and analytic-powered business specific solutions for over 40 years.  SAS & Cisco have collaborated to develop world class IoT solutions that are trusted, powerful, and secure.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX0019/

name: Netalytics Control Panel
description: Netalytics offers one single pane of glass view across all on-premises assets such as Routers, Switches, Access Points, Firewalls, Servers and Cloud assets such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, Cisco Cloud services (Meraki, WebEx Teams, Stealthwatch, AMP and Umbrella)
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/s/EX0024/

name: &yet
description: Mobile App software and portal developers for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00262/

name: AdTran
description: Integrated multiservice routers and Gateways for Cisco BroadCloud and BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00266/

name: AEi Communications Corp.
description: Innovative and stylish corded and cordless IP telephone designs for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions that exceed the high expectations of hoteliers worldwide
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00267/

name: Allied Telesis Capital Corp
description: Integrated multiservice routers and gateways for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00273/

name: Apivio Systems, Inc.
description: IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00274/

name: Benbria
description: Hospitality messaging and services applications for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00288/

name: BroadSource Australia Pty Ltd.
description: Custom portals, back office operational tools and Professional Services for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00291/

name: Callcruncher
description: Call analytics for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00297/

name: CloudAge Solutions
description: Wholesales services management and carrier vendor and routing optimization and for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00307/

name: Dasan Networks
description: Integrated multiservice routers and gateways for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00315/

name: Dataflex
description: Integrated multiservice routers and gateways for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00316/

name: Ecessa
description: Network appliances for automatic failover & load balance, QoS (Quality of Service), built-in basic firewall, encryption (VPNs), SIP call load balance and failover, SD-WAN/multi-site and WAN virtualization for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00322/

name: Empirix Inc.
description: Network test solutions for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00323/

name: Genesys
description: Contact Center and IVR Services for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00337/

name: Huddly Inc.
description: USB3 video cameras for Cisco BroadCloud and BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00345/

name: IDI Billing Solutions
description: Telecom billing portal and billing services for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions Service Providers
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00346/

name: Ingram Micro (Parallels/ODIN/Ensim)
description: Product distribution, cloud service ordering and provisioning applications for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00351/

name: InnoMedia
description: Integrated multiservice routers and gateways for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00352/

name: iPhotonix
description: Integrated multiservice routers and gateways for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00357/

name: JPL Telecom
description: Economical headset options for Cisco BroadCloud and BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00361/

name: Kakapo Systems
description: Contact Center agent and supervisor apps for using Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00362/

name: Logitech
description: Video conference room equipment and cameras for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00368/

name: Messages On Hold Australia
description: On-hold information for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions Services
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00372/

name: Mida Solutions
description: Call recording, auto-attendant, fax, PC and web attendant consoles for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00374/

name: Monet Software
description: Workforce optimization solution for Cisco BroadCloud and BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00379/

name: NetAxis
description: Call analytics, diagnostics, fraud prevention products, professional services and software development for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00383/

name: Phonism
description: IP phone management portal for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00407/

name: Pika Technologies
description: IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00408/

name: Retarus GmbH
description: Critical messaging applications for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00417/

name: RIIS, LLC
description: Software developers for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00419/

name: RSI/Telecost
description: Management solutions that monitor, measure and manage collaboration activity to ensure the health of the ecosystem and empower productivity
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00420/

name: RTX A/S
description: IP DECT and WLAN telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00421/

name: Seoul Commtech Co
description: IP specialty devices and endpoints for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00427/

name: SmartBilling
description: Billing support system for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00434/

name: Snap Recordings
description: Professional On-Hold recording services for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00435/

name: Spectralink
description: IP DECT and WLAN telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00438/

name: Swissvoice SA
description: IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00443/

name: Syn-Apps
description: Unify disparate communication networks and devices to handle emergency alerting, mass notification and daily communication workflow for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00445/

name: Sytel
description: Predictive customer interaction management for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00446/

name: Technicolor Delivery Technologies
description: IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00448/

name: Tecom
description: IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00449/

name: Telchemy Inc
description: Pure software analytics for Voice, Video and IOT for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00451/

name: TeleDynamics
description: Equipment distribution for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions Services
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00453/

name: Telestax, LLC
description: cPaaS call, video and messaging APIs for custom app support
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00455/

name: Tely Labs
description: Video for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00456/

name: TimelyBill
description: Billing and subscription management for communications service providers
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00459/

name: Tiptel.com GmbH
description: IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00460/

name: TMA Solutions
description: SIP testing and validation for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00461/

name: Tollring
description: Call analytics, fraud monitoring, call recording for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00462/

name: Ubiquiti Networks
description: Android-based IP telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00468/

name: Unify
description: IP telephones and IP trunk-compatible IP PBX for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00471/

name: Utimaco
description: Hardware security modules and lawful interception and monitoring solutions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00473/

name: Verint
description: Workforce optimization solution for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00476/

name: Vocabra
description: Cloud-based IVR for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00478/

name: VTech/SNOM
description: IP and IP DECT telephones for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00484/

name: World Telecom Labs
description: Integrated multiservice routers and gateways for Cisco BroadWorks cloud calling solutions
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/EX00489/

name: Quantela
description: Quantela is a new age digital technology solutions company focused on IoT and smart cties. Our technologies help remotely manage smart communities and cities, analyze the data they produce, and help them digitize the smart infrastructure.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0005/

name: Dimension Data
description: Dimension Data provides a complete, edge to application Internet of Things solution, ensuring we deliver the business outcomes you want. We operate in 47 countries worldwide.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0007/

name: CYGATE AB
description: Cygate offers midsize and large companies and organizations higher efficiency and less risks through comprehensive data and telecom solutions. The solutions are based on an understanding of business needs, deep technical knowledge, and the best products through partnerships with the leading IT-vendors of the world.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0021/

name: DEUTSCHE TELEKOM AG
description: Deutsche Telekom AG offers telecommunications services. The Company offers a full range of fixed-line telephone services, mobile communications services, Internet access, and combined information technology and telecommunications services for businesses.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0023/

name: TELUS COMMUNICATIONS
description: A Canadian national telecommunications company that provides a wide range of telecommunications products and services including internet access, voice, entertainment, healthcare, video, and IPTV television.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0027/

name: Flashnet
description: Flashnet is a tech company that integrates the latest IT, energy and telecommunications technologies into hardware and software solutions, creating and implementing intelligent systems for smarter cities and better infrastructure.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0030/

name: iOmniscent
description: iOmniscient is the global technology leader in integrated multi-sensor (video, sound and smell) analytics both in real time and forensic mode.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0037/

name: Nipun
description: Nipun was established in 2002 by professionals working on cutting-edge technologies. We provide end-to-end IT infrastructure, automation and software integration solutions to all industry verticals. We are well known for offering advanced and innovative solutions ahead of that offered in industry. 100% of our technical team are well trained and Cisco certified.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0044/

name: Urbiotica
description: We create sensor-based products and solutions that connect smart cities to transform how they are managed worldwide. Welcome to the Internet of Things.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0048/

name: Sayme
description: SAYME is a technology maker with long experience in the development of low-power wireless sensor network solutions. Our proprietary technology platform, designed and developed 100% by the company, combines software and software.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0058/

name: Bigbelly
description: Bigbelly is a Smart Waste Management, Smart City, and Internet of Things (IoT) industry leader and is recognized as a C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group best practice. Industry knowledge & longevity in the market provides us with unparalleled insights backed by extensive data, analytics, and customer successes.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0059/

name: Axis Communications
description: Axis Communications offers intelligent security solutions that enable a smarter, safer world. As the market leader in network video, Axis is driving the industry by continually launching innovative network products based on an open platform - delivering high value to customers through a global partner network.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0070/

name: Bosch
description: Our products and services are designed to spark enthusiasm, improve quality of life, and help conserve natural resources. We want to deliver top quality and reliability. In short: we want to create technology that is “Invented for life.”
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/kinetic/partners/KN0071/

name: WORLD WIDE TECHNOLOGY, INC
description: WWT supports our partners and customers from learning about infrastructure automation through hands-on labs to coming up with an infrastructure automation strategy that delivers business value.  WWT also provides the services required to implement and operate automation while making sure teams have the training and skillsets they need to succeed.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/16079

name: NETCLOUD AG
description: As highly specialized Cisco Gold partner, we design, build and operate IT infrastructure in the area of Cloud/DataCenter, Network, Security and Collaboration. With our clear focus on business outcome, we use our automation and programming skills to transform functionality into business value for the customer. Our solutions are use-case driven and are addressing customer specific needs. As trusted partner for our customers, we develop, maintain and support the customer specific solutions over time or offer them as a managed service. As Netcloud we strive for highest customer satisfaction and DevNet helps us to drive customer success.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/partners/27342

name: ACTextBot
description: Text bot allows your customers and partners to send text messages into your business that get delivered into Webex Teams. Your replies to their text messages are typed into Webex Teams then our Text bot sends your replies to the text number it was received from. We allow your customers and partners to interact using their mobile phones without requiring them to install an additional mobile app or login to Webex Teams. Many of the benefits of Webex Teams messaging are leveraged into text messaging. 

Imagine allowing the 7 billion mobile phones world-wide to easily and instantly to be able to communicate with the user's teams. We see the potential for the internet of things and text messaging to intersect inside of Webex Teams. Imagine also the potential of connecting our Text bot to other complimentary bots. 

Our key industries for the Text Bot are banking, telecommunications, higher education, government, and manufacturing.

Wouldn't it be nice to?
* Text to schedule video interviews for candidates 
* Text to schedule accountants, lawyers, loan officers
* Text to open tickets inside of product support
* Text to schedule university professor office hours
* Text to report maintenance requirements for public roads

If you haven’t leased a text number yet from Approved Contact please email sales@approvedcontact.com to begin the process. This service is currently only available in the United States.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/actextbot-approved-contact/

name: ADP Virtual Assistant
description: With ADP Virtual Assistant, companies using ADP for payroll and Webex Teams for internal collaboration can give their employees convenient access to their own workplace information - directly within Teams.

The integration allows employees to:

* Quickly get a summary of their latest pay statement including historical pay and visualize their deductions with an interactive graph
* Review and deep dive into each pay deduction category including Tax (Federal, State, Medicare), Benefits, Retirement, other
* View year-to-date pay
* Receive pay notifications when their latest pay statement is ready

To get started:

* Your HR practitioner subscribes to the app on ADP Marketplace at https://marketplace.adp.com/webex-teams and enables specific features.
* After enabling specific features, your workforce can begin using ADP for Webex Teams.

Your employees are in control of their privacy with the ability to review permissions granted for each feature of the ADP Virtual Assistant. They can review or revoke consent at any time by simply typing a command like “consent” or “privacy” to manage consents.

This application needs to be configured by your HR admin and is targeted to enterprises ranging from 1 to 1,000+ employees.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/adp-virtual-assistant-adp/

name: Albert for Collaboration
description: Albert for Collaboration can answer common "how to" questions about Webex Meetings.  For example, "how can I download the recording of my meeting?" 

 Start a chat with Albert for Collaboration just like starting a chat with a live person.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/albert-for-collaboration-nohold-inc/

name: Altocloud
description: * Customer Journey Analytics
* Digital Messaging: Use Cisco Spark and Cisco Finesse to connect with customers
* Real Time Communications: Altocloud is seamlessly integrated with Spark Video, Spark Messaging, Cisco UCCE, and Jabber
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/altocloud-altocloud-72527/

name: API.AI
description: API.AI has a technology to make your product or service understand natural language so users can communicate with it via text or voice.

With API.AI, you can create conversational scenarios within minutes, then build advanced dialogues to manage the conversation flow with the user.

When your product is launched, it constantly improves with machine learning and can be updated in real-time based on user interactions.

One-click integration with Cisco Spark and Cisco Tropo, along with a broad set of pre-built domains make prototyping and launching your conversation-enabled solutions fast and enjoyable.

More than 70,000 developers are adding natural language understanding (NLU) capabilities to their products and services using API.AI. Get started today.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/api-ai-api-ai-28746/

name: Box
description: With helpful updates from the Box bot for Webex Teams, you can keep your files and folders at your fingertips. Stay on top of all the latest changes to your team’s content and be the first to know when files are moved, folders are deleted, and tasks are completed.

Note: A person with an end user account can set up workflows, but your organization’s account administrator may need to authorize the bot before it can be used by the organization.

Connect the Box bot to your spaces to receive customizable notifications such as:

* File or Folder Created, Copied, Updated, Moved, Shared, Downloaded, or Deleted
* Task Assigned or Completed
* Note Updated
* File Comment Added
* File or Folder Previewed

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select Box**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/box-5564/

name: Smart train stations keep riders happy with Cisco Meraki and Cloud4Wi technology
description: Gruppo FS Italiane is using Cloud4Wi and Cisco Meraki to realize the dream of smart train stations in smart cities. This innovative transportation solution enables the best possible passenger experience.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/featured/cloud4wi

name: CardSampler
description: Demonstrates samples of buttons and cards in Webex Teams.   

Designers can view these cards in the [Buttons and Cards Designer](https://developer.webex.com/buttons-and-cards-designer/) and modify the design to their own needs.

In addition to interacting with pre-built card samples, designers can also post their own design to cardSampler to see how it looks in the Webex Teams clients.  cardSampler will report on errors if the design fails to render, and also show the payload that is sent when users click on buttons.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/cardsampler-cisco-systems/

name: Unlock the true power of energy IoT data with Eximprod's Virtual RTU and Cisco IOx
description: Eximprod's ES200 allows Utilities to rapidly deploy security features and business logic in their distribution grid - something that used to take truck rolls and expensive equipment upgrades in the past
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/featured/eximprod

name: Alleantia Plug&Play gateway for codeless IoT integration with Cisco IOx and Kinetic
description: Industry 4.0 exellence of Paglieri recognized from Italian government and SMAU Innovation prize in 2018. Digital integration of personal and household care production lines is reality with Alleantia & Cisco technologies.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/featured/alleantia

name: Purple and Cisco make it so that customers get an even better break today at McDonald's Belgium
description: McDonald's Belgium is using Purple WiFi and Cisco Meraki to enhance the customer experience. Improved performance, marketing programs and reduced IT costs are the key results!
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/featured/purple

name: How Cisco and Singlewire are helping Riverside Healthcare manage crisis situations
description: Singlewire software is helping Riverside Healthcare more effectively manage crisis situations. Singlewire's InformaCast enables Riverside to get everybody on the same page in an emergency.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/featured/singlewire

name: Enterprise Text Messaging- BusinessMessagingBot
description: Business Messaging for Webex Teams users is part of the Enterprise Text Messaging portfolio. Powered by [Tango Networks]( https://www.tango-networks.com/solutions/enterprise-text-messaging-solutions/)

The BusinessMessagingBot enables a Webex Teams user to initiate an SMS messaging conversation with any mobile or SMS-enabled telephone number.

The BusinessMessagingBot can create a new Webex Teams space where you can exchange 1-on-1 SMS messages with an SMS-enabled telephone number.

This service is available for North American-based numbers without adjusting any voice trunking.

To initiate a new messaging space with a mobile number, use the following command syntax:

    <telephone number> <your text message>

Examples:

    12145551212 Hello there from Webex!

To use the BusinessMessagingBot, you must have an account on the Tango Networks Kinetic Cloud service.

Please contact sales@tango-networks.com or your Cisco Business Partner if you are interested in signing up for this service.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/enterprise-text-messaging-businessmessagingbot-tango-networks/

name: envite
description: envite enables universal collaboration for Cisco Webex. With envite Cisco Webex users can securely enable cross-app collaboration with other messaging and video apps to:

* Create direct & group messaging channels with their partners, vendors & customers that are not using Cisco Webex.

* Add Cisco Webex audio and video for meetings to communicate on-demand.

* Continue using Cisco Webex as the preferred messaging interface without making any changes.

* Reduce the number of other team messaging applications and guest subscriptions to manage.


Modern teams use multiple applications to communicate within and outside their organizations. envite is transcending team collaboration across organizations by increasing the ROI and boosting end-user productivity without any switching from Cisco Webex. 

In summary, we help organizations in their digital transformation by seamlessly connecting dispersed messaging and video communication platforms.

For more information please visit https://www.envite.us
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/envite-envite-inc/

name: InformaCast Incident Response
description: InformaCast mass notification system can integrate with Cisco Webex Teams to provide an unparalleled communication solution. When an emergency occurs in your organization, you need to quickly gather the people who can manage the situation. 

When you trigger a broadcast with InformaCast, you can configure it to automatically launch a Webex Teams space to bring together your incident response team. Regardless of your industry, keeping your people safe is a top priority. One way to do that is to keep people informed. Whether your organization is encountering severe weather, an active shooter, or workplace injury, being able to collaborate in a Webex Teams Space helps respond in a timely and informed manner. It also provides a record of your response should you need to reference it at a later date.

This integration is available to all InformaCast Mobile or Fusion customers. Please contact sales@singlewire.com for more information.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/informacast-incident-response-singlewire-36323/

name: Jira Cloud
description: The Jira Cloud bot for Webex Teams makes it easier for your entire team to build, monitor, and release software.

Connect the Jira Cloud bot to your spaces to start issuing commands such as:

* Create or Update Issue
* Get Recent Project Issues, Get All Sprint Issues, Get All My Sprint Issues, or Get Issue Details
* Get Users by Group Name or Get User Information

You can also receive customizable notifications such as:

* Board Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Board Configuration Changed
* Project Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Issue Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Sprint Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Version Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Comment Added, Edited, or Deleted
* User Created, Edited, or Deleted

Note: While any Jira user role can set up workflows, a Jira administrator has to first authorize that Jira instance to connect to Webex Teams. This authorization only needs to be done once. (Have a Jira Server account? Check out the [Jira Server bot for Webex Teams](https://apphub.webex.com/categories/all/bots/jira-server).)

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select Jira Cloud**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/jira-cloud/

name: Mailchimp
description: With the Mailchimp bot for Webex Teams, you can keep an even closer eye on all your email campaigns—and help support the success of your business. Be the first to know when campaigns kick off, celebrate when your lists grow, and, when issues arise, troubleshoot with the team.

Connect the Mailchimp bot to your spaces to receive customizable notifications such as:

* Campaign Sent
* User Subscribed or Unsubscribed
* Profile Updated
* Email Address Changed
* Email Cleaned

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select Mailchimp**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/mailchimp-8852/

name: New Relic
description: The New Relic bot for Webex Teams equips you with real-time updates in your software environment, helping your team plan smarter, migrate more quickly, and make better decisions for your business. Connect the New Relic bot today and never miss another critical alert.

Note: To set up workflows, you need a New Relic administrator account.

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select New Relic**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/new-relic-7213/

name: nextplane
description: Stay in Cisco Webex and connect with colleagues on other messaging platforms.
The nextplane bot lets you collaborate with colleagues, inside or outside your company, not on Cisco Webex.
With the nextplane bot, you can:

* Invite and add each other as contacts
* Send direct messages with rich text and emoji reactions
* Join and participate in Slack channels
* Share presence status (coming soon)
* Search non-Webex contacts
* Add non-Webex contacts to your favorites
* Mute chats with non-Webex contacts
________________________________________

To get started with the nextplane bot, you need to add it to your Webex application. You will then be able to add non-Webex contacts and start communicating with them.
________________________________________
In order to use this application you need to have a Cisco Webex account and a valid ConverseCloud subscription at NextPlane.

To learn more, check out our Users Guide.
https://nextplane.net/webex-teams/userguide/
Have trouble using the nextplane bot? Get in touch with the NextPlane support team.
Need to subscribe? Contact NextPlane at sales@nextplane.net or book a free call with the NextPlane expert.

url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/nextplane-nextplane/

name: OneDrive
description: Make folder and file management even easier with the OneDrive bot for Webex Teams. Real-time notifications ensure the right people are informed when your documents, photos, and videos are updated—helping the whole team work even faster.

Note: This app is intended for teams using OneDrive. (Looking for the [OneDrive for Business bot for Webex Teams](https://apphub.webex.com/bots/Y2lzY29zcGFyazovL3VzL0FQUExJQ0FUSU9OLzYxYmQ0MTFhLTlkOTItNGI0Mi1iNWRlLTM2Y2Q2MDZlNjU1Zg)?)

Connect OneDrive to your spaces to receive customizable notifications such as:

* File or Folder Created
* File or Folder Updated
* File or Folder Deleted
* File or Folder Copied

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select OneDrive**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/onedrive/

name: Paginate
description: Paginate is a GUI tool that allows you to run several types of queries against the Webex Teams API and export the results, and in particular helps when making calls to large datasets that require pagination (such as retrieving a list of spaces). In addition, Paginate includes several custom reports: a report showing all spaces with external users and org users, all spaces with bots and org users, and a keyword search report on messages in a space. To begin, simply go to https://paginate.webexbots.cloud and login using your Webex Teams credentials.

Note: Paginate's URL has recently changed, so you may need to clear your cookies or use a private tab.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/paginate-cisco-systems-82277/

name: Points!
description: Points! allows you to give credit to other users for a job well done, and keeps a running tally.  You can give points to just about anything! To get started, simply add the bot to a group space and then mention @Points!

For specific examples, use:
@Points! help

This bot does not work in 1 to 1 spaces.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/points-cisco-systems/

name: Pollbot
description: Pollbot can add a poll to any of your existing group spaces, or you can interact with Pollbot in a 1:1 to generate an independent poll. Add questions, set a time to expire, and see results in real time even before the poll ends! 

To get started, just add Pollbot to your group space, mention it with the @ symbol then type "help", or just message 'help' in a 1:1.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/pollbot-cisco-systems-12150/

name: Power Pack
description: Using the Webex Teams APIs, we have created a collection of tools to enable users to perform repetitive tasks in bulk. Power Pack is a free service.


* Invites: Add hundreds of participants to spaces in bulk. 
* Broadcast: Send a message to multiple spaces at once. 
* Exodus: Leave spaces you no longer want to be a part of in bulk.
* Export: Export space participants to a csv, screen, or new space. * Team Space Manager: Manage your Team spaces. 
* My Stats: Fun facts on your Webex Teams usage.

url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/power-pack-power-pack/

name: Redbooth
description: Redbooth makes it simple to manage your work and keep your team on track inside of Cisco Spark.

Manage your team's projects and day-to-day work. Plan projects efficiently with checklists and timelines. Meet your deadlines and never drop the ball again.

This integration uses a BOT to connect a Redbooth workspace to a Spark Room.

You have the option to managing tasks & projects inside of Redbooth, or gain access to the same information inside of a Spark room using the Redbooth Bot. Type "@redbooth Help" to get started - its very easy to use!
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/redbooth-redbooth-51602/

name: Salesforce Alerts
description: Every campaign is complex—leads, pipelines, statuses, and more. How can you keep track of every facet of it—together with the right people, in real-time? With helpful notifications from the Salesforce Alerts bot for Webex Teams, it&#39;s easy. Now with the ability to create, update, or search for Salesforce Opportunities, Contacts, and Tasks, you can be in even more control right from Webex Teams itself.

Note: You need a Salesforce free developer account, paid enterprise account, or paid unlimited account to create workflows.

Here&#39;s what you can do:

* Create an Opportunity, Contact, or Task record
* Update Salesforce Records
* Search for Salesforce Records
* Manage and setup alerts

Notifications include:

* Contact Record Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Account Record Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Opportunity Record Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Case Record Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Campaign Record Created, Updated, or Deleted
* Lead Record Created, Updated, or Deleted

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select Salesforce Alerts**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/salesforce-alerts/

name: Sameroom
description: Sameroom is used to connect chatrooms. This is useful when:

- Several companies are working on a project and need to communicate via chat, but each has to retain a copy of the conversation at all times (for compliance)
- Several companies are working on a project and would like to continue using their existing collaboration platform
- An agency or consultancy needs a convenient way to share chatrooms with each client

For more info and case studies, see https://sameroom.io/blog/tag/case-studies/.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/sameroom-sameroom-26659/

name: ScrumGenius
description: ScrumGenius is the solution to automating routine communication at work. Spend less time asking what they are working on or searching through the task tracker. ScrumGenius helps you have more efficient meetings and improve transparency at work.

**Create your own or use our standard daily standup template**

- Daily Standups (Agile Scrum reports)
- Sprint Retrospectives (Weekly or Bi-Weekly)
- Private check-ins (between team member and manager)
- Monthly reporting

**You can customize every part of the report, including:**

- scheduling (daily/weekly/bi-weekly, monthly)
- recipients (who should receive it and respond)
- customize your questions
- automated reminders (so people don't forget to check-in)
- private responses (only managers can see responses)

**How the Cisco Webex Teams integration works:**

- When it's time to give an update, people will receive a direct message directly in Cisco Webex Teams.
- When they give an update, ScrumGenius will push responses to the particular channel chosen in the report
- If someone forgets, they will receive another message that reminds them to give an update
- After the report closes, we send an email summary of the responses to the team

**Add the scrumgenius@webex.bot bot to your space or team to get started**

Subscriptions and pricing can be found by visiting [scrumgenius.com/pricing](https://scrumgenius.com/pricing/) 

A ScrumGenius account is required for use of this service. An account can be created for free.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/scrumgenius-scrumgenius-3864/

name: Anomali
description: Anomali delivers earlier detection and identification of adversaries in your organization's network by making it possible to correlate tens of millions of threat indicators against a real time network activity logs and up to a year or more of forensic log dataAnomali integrates into both Cisco Umbrella and Investigate, providing end to end threat management. SOC teams can validate potential threats with Investigate, and mitigate confirmed threats with Umbrella, all in the ThreatStream UI.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_anomali/

name: Apple
description: Apple and Cisco are partnering to enable organizations to rapidly adopt iOS for their work force. The Cisco Security Connector is an iOS app that can be deployed on supervised iOS devices via a mobile device management (MDM) solution. It will offer organizations the most granular view of what is happening on enterprise-owned mobile devices and provide the best protection for users, anywhere they travel.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_apple-current/

name: AppViewX
description: AppViewX is revolutionizing the way NetOps and SecOps teams deliver services to Enterprise IT. The AppViewX Platform is a modular, low-code software application that enables the automation and orchestration of network infrastructure using an intuitive, context-aware, visual workflow.AppViewX quickly and easily translates business requirements into automation workflows that improve agility, enforce compliance, eliminate errors, and reduce cost. AppViewX is headquartered in Seattle with offices in the U.S., U.K., and India.AppViewX has integrated with Cisco ASA beginning from version 8.4 till the latest 9.9.2 version. Once Cisco ASA is added in the inventory, all the Security policies, Objects, NAT rules are downloaded and saved in AppViewX database. Users can view, compare all the downloaded configuration through the centralized AppViewX console and any configuration changes can be done. AppViewX has the intelligence to find out any configuration changes done in Cisco ASA and updates the database with the help of syslogs. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_appviewx/

name: Armis
description: The Armis agentless security platform discovers and analyzes every device in your environment, on and off the network, to protect you from exploits and attacks. Cisco ISE enforces role-based access control and uses device insights from Armis for finer-grained, more accurate network policies. Together, Armis and Cisco provide complete visibility and control over any device including unmanaged devices like Bluetooth peripherals, IoT devices, and rogue access points.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_armi/

name: Attivo
description: Attivo Networks   provides deception technology for real-time detection, analysis, and accelerated response to cyber-attacks.Attivo Networks Deception Platform integrates with the Cisco ISE using pxGrid to automatically block attacks that have been detected by the Attivo BOTsink engagement server, expediting incident response and safeguarding networks.Attivo Networks BOTsink platform provides inside-the-network threat detection and leverages user context from Cisco ISE via pxGrid and uses pxGrid to take Rapid Threat Containment actions.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_attivo/

name: BlackRidge
description: BlackRidge integrates with Cisco ISE via pxGrid to extend Software Defined Perimeters to private and public clouds, IoT and other network environments. BlackRidge Transport Access Control (TAC) uses ISE identity and access policies to authenticate access on the first packet of network connections.BlackRidge TAC proactively isolates and protects cloud-based resources and services by stopping port scanning, cyber-attacks and unauthorized access.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_blackridge/

name: BluVector
description: BluVector is a Network Security Monitoring & Analytics platform that enables security analysts or Incident Response teams to find and eradicate advanced threats on their networks faster and more efficiently. It passively monitors all network traffic to identify the advance malware threats that are evading traditional Network Security defenses (which are primarily based upon signatures & sandbox technologies), and delivers the visibility and automation that analysts need to investigate the threats quickly, often before they've been able to do any damage.Our primary differentiator is our use of a proprietary and patented Machine Learning engine to understand the nature of not just malware but benign software as well - enabling robust detection of malware even if it's never been seen before (i.e. Zero day).BluVector is designed to complement & integrate with existing tools that encompasses everything from the gateway to the endpoint. So, if you have Threat Intel Feeds or a Sandbox or a SIEM or even endpoint tools, BluVector can integrate with those investments and act as a Hub for advanced threat hunting.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_bluvector/

name: Claroty
description: The Claroty Platform is an integrated set of cybersecurity products that provides extreme visibility, unmatched cyber threat detection, secure remote access, and risk assessments for industrial control networks (ICS/OT). Claroty vulnerability assessments in industrial and critical infrastructure environments can help Cisco Firepower tune intrusion policy and help prioritize event information.The Claroty platform passes complete asset details to Cisco ISE, enabling ISE to assign specific access policies based on asset profiles. With Claroty, organizations using pxGrid and ISE can implement segmentation in their OT networks. Claroty automatically discovers micro-segments based on the behavior of the ICS networks, enabling ISE to create and enforce segmentation policies.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_claroty/

name: cPacket
description: cPacket Networks offers next-generation performance monitoring and security forensics solutions for service providers and other large network operators that are built around its innovative Distributed Monitoring Architecture. By bringing network intelligence closer to the wire, cPacket enables network operators to proactively identify problems before they negatively impact end-users. cPacket delivers real-time performance analytics at line-rate speeds up to 40Gbps and 100Gbps, and provides the broadest coverage available in the industry. By improving operational efficiency and proactively identifying problems, cPacket customers are able achieve substantial OPEX and CAPEX savings. Cisco Firepower customers can pivot from the Firepower Intrusion Event View into cPacket   s console to view associated captured traffic or download a PCAP from surrounding traffic for additional analysis.Based in Silicon Valley, CA, cPacket solutions are relied on by operators of the world   s largest service provider and enterprise networks.To learn more about cPacket Networks and its products, please visit www.cpacket.com or follow us on Twitter @cPacketNetwork.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_cpacket/

name: Culinda
description: Culinda is the world's first IoT/IoMT security platform with blockchain enabled asset inventory, network threat detection and prevention. By integrating Culinda with Cisco ISE via pxGrid, customers can benefit tremendously from discovery to prevention. By utilizing Culinda   s unique combination of AI and human intelligence, threat landscape of medical and IoT devices across organizations can be drastically reduced
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_culinda/

name: EfficientIP
description: The combination of Cisco Umbrella and EfficientIP DNS Guardian extends security perimeters to strengthen your network defenses. This complementary technology alliance combines threat intelligence services to protect against malicious domains, with attack detection over client behavior and adaptive security. The joint solution offers an unprecedented level of in-depth visibility and security of DNS services for the most comprehensive threat protection. There   s no better way to ensure internal/external service continuity, safeguard data confidentiality, and protect your users wherever they may be.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_efficient-ip/

name: Empow
description: empow offers a next-generation SIEM and analytics platform that enables organizations to bypass the process of writing correlation rules, dramatically lowering the false positives noise and the burden on the security team.empow Security Abstraction Platform is a prescriptive security analytics and orchestration platform, integrating with Threat Grid and AMP for Endpoints.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_empow/

name: Firesec
description: Firesec    is a Security Analysis and Orchestration platform. It is designed solve problems of these personas - CISO, Security Consultant, Security Auditor and Network Administrator. It is an automated solution for security configuration analysis and compliance readiness. It supports a wide variety of firewalls and helps enhance the security of your network as well as significantly speed up compliance to standards such as PCI DSS, CI Security Benchmarks etc., Firesec    helps you:- To automate the task of analyzing security device configurations.- To highlight non-compliances and insecure rules.- To optimize the configurations to improve device performance.- To see and explore the network topography and determine insecure access paths and fix these problems using network visualization.- To reduce the mean time taken to remediate the security issues, using the Change Management and Orchestration features.Firesec    offers flexible options to perform rule base analysis. It offers both manual and automatic mechanisms to collect the configuration information from Cisco ASA version 8 and up, Cisco IOS version 12.0 and up, Cisco Firepower version 6.x
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_firesec/

name: Google
description: Google specializes in Internet-related services and products that include online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware.CloudLock is a Google Apps Premier Technology Partner and uses a cloud-native, API-based architecture, delivering immediate risk reduction without interfering with Google Apps end-user experience or requiring any hardware, gateways, or proxy configuration.Threat Response user adds the Google Safe Browsing module to Threat Response, utilizing the Serverless Relay API. Google Safe Browsing is a blacklist service provided by Google that provides lists of URLs for web resources that contain malware or phishing content. The Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Vivaldi, and GNOME Web browsers use the lists from the Google Safe Browsing service for checking pages against potential threats, and this integration enables the user to have the blacklist intelligence in Threat Response.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_google/

name: HanSight
description: Founded in 2014 by seasoned entrepreneurs from TrendMicro, Microsoft and Oracle, HanSight is dedicated to changing the cyber security landscape basing on our intelligent big data security analytic approaches, by unifying log management, SIEM and cyber forensics technologies.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_hansight/

name: Huntsman Security
description: Huntsman monitors and correlates system activity from across the enterprise in real-time. Its artificial intelligence engine baselines system activity to detect and validate suspicious outliers or indicators of compromise that are invariably the first sign of attack. Using an autonomous decision engine Huntsman instantly determines threats and captures evidential information of all related events.Huntsman Security: Integration with Cisco pxGrid can enable Huntsman to quickly respond to critical security and compliance events by executing network mitigation actions through Cisco ISE. Huntsman also integrates with FirePOWER's eStreamer API.Firepower: Huntsman provides a SIEM solution.Huntsman built and maintains an eStreamer client for collecting events from the FirePOWER Management Center.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_huntsmansecurity/

name: HyTrust
description: HyTrust   s makes private, public and hybrid cloud infrastructure more trustworthy for enterprises, service providers and government agencies. with solutions that automate security controls for software-defined computing, networking and storage workloads to achieve the highest levels of visibility, granular policy control and data protection.HyTrust collects configuration information from Cisco ASA Firewalls, ISR Routers, Nexus switches and other Cisco products to help customers address compliance and audit requirements.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_hytrust/

name: Illusive
description: illusive networks provides a distributed deception platform designed using proven principles of warfare deceptions. It delivers early breach indication with rich source-based forensics to identify and fight advanced persistent threats.illusive   s integration with Cisco ISE and pxGrid enables protection against advanced persistent threats (APT), leveraging illusive's early attack detection with Cisco ISE mitigation and enforcement capabilities. Combining illusive   s Deception Management Systems and it's alerts with Cisco ISE & pxGrid   s automated, real-time mitigation capabilities, organizations benefit from an early, automated detection and response solution that blocks attackers from reaching real assets.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_illusive/

name: JASK
description: JASK is modernizing security operations to reduce organizational risk and improve human efficiency. Through technology consolidation, enhanced AI and machine learning, the JASK Autonomous Security Operations Center (ASOC) platform automates the correlation and analysis of threat alerts, helping SOC analysts focus on the highest-priority threats, streamlining investigations and delivering faster response times.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_jask-logo-black-300x100/

name: LogRhythm
description: LogRhythm provides intelligence and analytics technologies that empowers organizations around the globe to rapidly detect, respond to and neutralize damaging cyber threats.LogRhythm integration with Cisco ISE combines device, user, and group-driven security analytics with LogRhythm Log Management and SIEM 2.0, file integrity, and host activity monitoring.LogRhythm built and maintains an eStreamer client to pull rich event data from the Firepower Management Center for analysis on their SIEM platform.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_logrhythm/

name: Malformity Labs
description: Malformity Labs aims to decrease the amount of time analysts spend aggregating and collecting data to free up more time to conduct meaningful analysis.They connect with partners that have useful data and users that can immediately benefit from the integration.The AMP Threat Grid and Malformity solution provides an integration layer between the Maltego interface and AMP Threat Grid.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_malformitylabs/

name: Menlo Security
description: With the Menlo Security integration, Cisco Umbrella customers can allow users access to categories like personal mail or uncategorized websites by routing those sessions via policy to the Menlo Security Isolation Platform (MSIP). When a session is Isolated by the MSIP, all active content from the website is executed in the Isolation Platform, and only safe visual components are sent to the user   s browser. The user has a seamless experience with their native browser and the enterprise is protected from any potential web threats.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_menlo-security/

name: Micro Focus NetIQ
description: Micro Focus NetIQ provides products for identity and access management, security and data center management.NetIQ Sentinel integrates with the ISE SIEM/TD ecosystem. NetIQ Access Manager integrates into the SSO/IAM ecosystem via pxGrid.An eStreamer client is in development.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_microfocus/

name: Network Critical
description: Network Critical helps optimise performance, compliance and improve security insights with revolutionary technologies that ensure the 100% network visibility.Network Critical offers a powerful line of 'Data Access' or 'Intelligent Packet Brokering' products.The products provide port access in constrained environments.In addition, they provide aggregation, de-aggregation, load balancing and external fail open functionality which allows sensors to be removed and from the network and re-inserted without any network downtime.Network Critical focuses on delivering the lowest cost per port but with high quality.The products do not have the highly advanced features found in the competitors' offerings but many customers can completely address their requirements with the feature set.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_networkcritical/

name: Niagara
description: Niagara Networks is a recent spin-off from Interface Maters provides network visibility technologies with emphasis in 1/10/40/100 Gigabit systems including Network TAPs, External Bypass Switches, and Network Packet Brokers that integrate with monitoring systems, inline networking appliances, IPS, UTM, Load Balancing, WAN acceleration, and other mission-critical IT and security appliances.Firepower NGIPS and other Cisco hardware: Interface Masters offers a powerful line of 'Data Access' or 'Intelligent Packet Brokering' products.The products provide 'port access' in constrained environments.In addition, they provide aggregation, de-aggregation, load balancing and external fail-open functionality which allows sensors to be removed and re-inserted into the network without any network downtime. Interface Masters packet brokering technology with offers 100Gbps connectivity.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_niagara/

name: Nozomi
description: Nozomi Networks is accelerating the pace of digital transformation by pioneering innovation for OT and IoT security and visibility. Leading the industry, we make it possible to tackle escalating cyber risks in a converging world of IT and OT. In a single solution, Nozomi Networks delivers network visibility, threat detection and insight to thousands of the largest critical infrastructure, energy, manufacturing, mining, transportation and other industrial sites around the world.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_nozomi/

name: OPSWAT
description: OPSWAT is a cyber security software company that provides solutions to secure and manage IT infrastructure.CloudLock and OPSWAT work in tandem to detect and mitigate malware in cloud platforms, including Google Apps, Office 365, Dropbox, Box, and Amazon Web Services.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_opswat/

name: Radware
description: Radware-powered products and services are integrated into Cisco   s security portfolio to provide customers comprehensive application and network protection as well as availability solutions.Radware   (NASDAQ: RDWR), is a global leader of cyber security and application delivery solutions for physical, cloud, and software defined data centers. Its award-winning solutions portfolio secures the digital experience by providing infrastructure, application, and corporate IT protection and availability services to enterprises globally. Radware   s solutions empower more than 12,500 enterprise and carrier customers worldwide to adapt to market challenges quickly, maintain business continuity and achieve maximum productivity while keeping costs down.DDoS:Radware is the industry leader in DDoS protection, providing comprehensive Layer 3-7 protection against DDoS attacks and ensuring service availability. Radware   s DDoS protection solutions can be deployed an on-demand service, always-on service, or hybrid service combining cloud service with a hardware appliance or integrated DefensePro functionality within Cisco Firepower 4100 and 9300 platforms. Radware DefenseFlow also provides cyber command and control functions with minimal operational effort and overhead to automate incident response and mitigation capabilities for StealthWatch Enterprise customers.WAF:Radware   s Web Application Firewall (WAF), ensures fast, reliable, and secure delivery of mission-critical Web applications for corporate networks and in the cloud. It combines positive and negative security models to provide complete protection against web application attacks, web application attacks behind CDNs, API manipulations, advanced HTTP attacks (slowloris, dynamic floods), brute force attacks on login pages and more. It can be consumed via virtual appliance, integrated with Radware Alteon ADC, as a component within a customer   s virtual private cloud, or via Radware   s own Cloud WAF service.ADC:Alteon is Radware   s next-generation application delivery controller (ADC) and the only network load balancer that guarantees application SLA. It combines best-of-breed application delivery capabilities, market-leading SSL performance that supports all of the latest encryption protocols, and advanced services to companies with ongoing application lifecycle management challenges that impact the performance of web applications (such as heavier, more complex web content); mobility, and the migration to the cloud.The cost-to-performance ratio for Radware Alteon is very competitive in the marketplace and Cisco has partnered with Radware to bring this capability into the Cisco portfolio. 
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_radware/

name: Salesforce
description: Salesforce provides on-demand customer relationship management (CRM) software services to help companies with global customer communication.CloudLock compliments and extends Salesforce Shield functionality, enabling organizations to enforce regulatory and security compliance throughout the ecosystem, including Salesforce Sales Cloud, Communities, and Forec.com, to safeguard information and guard against cyberthreats.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_salesforce/

name: Seclytics
description: Seclytics uses science to identify the origin of attacks 51+ days before they strike. We use patent-pending science to hunt adversaries in the wild during their precrime setup stages, resulting in over 5,000 unique adversary profiles to date. Continuous surveillance ensures we know when they go live on day zero, and remove the element of surprise - leveling the playing field for the first time. Our SaaS-based platform uniquely provides prevention at the precrime stage, at zero day when they go live and beyond. To see how Seclytics uses Science to save you time, money and risk, please visit https://www.seclytics.com.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_seclytics/

name: Secureauth
description: SecureAuth provides two-factor authentication and single sign-on that provides access control to mobile devices, cloud and web applications, and network resources.SecureAuth: Integration of Identity Access Management platforms with Cisco ISE, using Cisco ISE pxGrid technology, offers single sign-on capability for mobile devices.Integration of Identity Access Management platforms with Cisco ISE, using Cisco ISE pxGrid technology, offers single sign-on capability for mobile devices.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_secureauth/

name: ServiceNow
description: ServiceNow offers everything-as-a-service cloud computing, including platform-as-a-service (PaaS) enterprise service management software for human resources, law, facilities management, finance, marketing, and field operations. ServiceNow specializes in IT Service Management (ITSM), IT Operations Management (ITOM) and IT Business Management (ITBM) applications and provides forms-based workflow application developmentServiceNow Security Operations (Security Incident Response and Threat Intelligence) can leverage the Verdicts, Sightings, and Response capabilities provided by Threat Response to assist the security analyst in their investigation workflow. ServiceNow is a module for Threat Response, allowing it to be a data source when a user starts an investigation in the UI or queries the API.The AMP for Endpoints application is used to create new incidents in ServiceNow ITSM and then properly group them according to criteria, enabling users to have Incidents automatically created in ServiceNow for 'malicious' events generated by AMP for Endpoints.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_servicenow/

name: Siemplify
description: Siemplify's security orchestration, automation and incident response platform enable security operations teams to investigate, analyze and respond to threats faster, with less effort. Through its integration with Cisco ISE, Siemplify delivers the vital context needed to build a full threat storyline as well as respond to and contain incidents more decisively. By integrating with Cisco Threat Grid, security operations teams can more quickly apply robust threat intelligence and analyze malware to conduct more efficient investigations and make better response and remediation decisions. Siemplify seamlessly integrates with Cisco AMP for Endpoints, to enhance prevention and detection capabilities and drastically reduce response and remediation times. Cisco Firepower customers can leverage Siemplify   s integration with the platform   s REST API to respond manually or automatically to critical events with user initiated or automatic responses such as blocking compromised devices to contain the threat.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_siemplify/

name: Slack
description: Slack is a cloud-based team collaboration tool with IRC Internet relay chat)-like features: persistent chat rooms (channels) organized by topic, as well as private groups and direct messaging.All content inside Slack is searchable, including files, conversations, and people. Slack integrates with a large number of third-party services such as Google Drive, Trello, Dropbox, Box, Heroku, IBM Bluemix, Crashlytics, GitHub, Runscope and Zendesk. Slack also provides an app directory with over 150 integrations.CloudLock and Slack offer enterprises powerful and secure communication through data loss prevention, compliance and policy enforcement, and threat protection capabilities.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_slack/

name: Sophos
description: Sophos provides security software and hardware for communication endpoint, encryption, network security, email security and mobile security as well as unified threat management. Sophos is focused on providing security software to the mid market and pragmatic enterprise from 100 to 5000 seat organisations.Sophos provides anti virus and anti malware technology for Cisco's Web Security and Email Security Appliancesntegration between Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) and Mobile Device Management (MDM) platforms provides necessary insight into the posture of mobile devices so that companies can enforce appropriate network access policies as required by their IT organizations.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_sophos/

name: Swimlane
description: Swimlane is a security operations management platform that centralizes an organization   s security alerts, automates resolution, and dynamically produces metrics-based dashboards and reports. Using software-defined security (SDSec) methods and security orchestration, Swimlane automatically responds to alerts, automates the implementation of security controls, and protects the organization from future attacks   all at machine speeds.Swimlane provides end to end threat management, leveraging Umbrella Investigate for IOC enrichment and Umbrella for threat mitigation via DNS.This solution provides an integration layer between the Maltego interface and AMP Threat Grid.Swimlane queries Threat Response for Verdicts of observables, either from user action or automated action. The returned verdict is visualized in Swimlane. Deeper integration with AMP4EP and Threat Grid will also be leveraged. This provides the user with on-demand or automated Threat Response enrichment.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_sw-inline-logo-color-170x60/

name: Zerofox
description: ZeroFOX protects modern organizations from the dynamic risks of social media and digital channels.ZeroFOX   s cloud-based, SaaS platform processes millions of posts and accounts daily across the social landscape.Using targeted data collection, intelligent analysis and automated remediation, ZeroFOX protects businesses around the world against phishing attacks, information loss, account compromise, fraud, compliance violations, and financial loss.Zerofox integrations into Umbrella to provide global mitigation of social media based threats via the Umbrella enforcement API.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/security/partners/security_zerofox/

name: SpotlightX IM Gateway - Public IMs Integration&Logging 
description: Public IMs like Whatsapp, Wechat, Line and FB Messenger are popular communication tools people are using in daily life. Enterprises are facing the challenges of communicating with their customers through these consumer channels effectively without compromising on security and compliance requirements. Our SpotlightX IM Gateway solution is able to address these issues by bringing a secure way of integrating Cisco Webex Teams with these public IMs especially for banking and finance field for Compliance purpose.

We offer our IM Gateway solution under on-premises or cloud options for Enterprises of different industries, especially for those that need to comply with regulatory requirements for IM communications with customers such as bank and finance. For any questions including solution's functions, set-up details and pricing, Enterprises can contact us by emailing to info@protelnet.com. We will have customer services representatives respond to your request. 



url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/spotlightx-im-gateway-public-ims-integration-logging-protel-communications-ltd-26591/

name: Status Hero
description: Never be out of the loop again. More than just a standup bot, Status Hero is a "set it and forget it" tool for tracking and visualizing daily goals and status updates from each member of your team. The friendly @statushero bot takes care of collecting check-ins, and beautiful status reports, including participation and goal completion metrics, are compiled and broadcast to the Team Status room in Webex Teams.

Everything is customizable, including time zones, active team members, notification times, check-in questions, observer accounts, individual vacation days, and team holidays.

You'll be able to compare goals against actual accomplishments, eliminate cumbersome standup meetings, and jump on blocking issues that prevent your team from getting stuff done.

Trusted by thousands of teams, Status Hero is a simple way to cut through the project management clutter and keep you and your team in sync.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/status-hero-status-hero-72301/

name: To Bengali Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToBengali bot to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The bot posts a reply back to the space with Bengali translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/to-bengali-translator-implied-karma/

name: ToChinese(Simplified) Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToChineseSimplified bot to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The bot will post a reply back to the space with the Chinese translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/tochinese-simplified-translator-implied-karma/

name: ToChinese(Traditional) Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToChineseTraditional bot to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The bot will post a reply back to the space with the Chinese translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/tochinese-traditional-translator-implied-karma/

name: Todoist
description: Add extra ease into project management and better tackle your tasks with real-time notifications from the Todoist bot for Webex Teams.

Connect the Todoist bot to your spaces to receive customizable notifications such as:

* Project Created
* Task Created or Completed

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select Todoist**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/todoist-2948/

name: ToFilipino Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToFilipino bot to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The bot will post a reply back to the space with the Filipino translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/tofilipino-translator-implied-karma/

name: ToHindi Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToHindi BOT to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The BOT posts a reply back to the room the Hindi translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/tohindi-translator-implied-karma-3575/

name: ToItalian Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToItalian bot to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The bot will post a reply back to the space with the Italian translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/toitalian-translator-implied-karma/

name: ToSpanish Translator
description: Simple to get started. Just add ToSpanish BOT to your space, mention it with the @ symbol, and then type input text in English language. The BOT posts a reply back to the room the Spanish translation of the input text.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/tospanish-translator-implied-karma-9150/

name: UserVoice
description: With the UserVoice bot for Webex Teams, you can easily manage user feedback. Receive notifications for feedback, comments, suggestions, votes, and ultimately make more informed product decisions.

Note: You need a UserVoice administrator account to set up workflows.

Connect the UserVoice bot to your spaces to receive customizable notifications such as:

* Forum Created
* Suggestion Status Updated
* Suggestion Feedback Added
* Suggestion Added
* Suggestion Comment Added
* Suggestion Votes Updated

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select UserVoice**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/uservoice-7247/

name: xMatters
description: Major incident management for IT operations and DevOps gets a little easier with the xMatters bot for Webex Teams. Get alerts for all your incidents, then work with the team to uncover critical insights.

Note: You need an xMatters administrator account to set up workflows.

Connect the xMatters bot to your spaces to receive customizable notifications such as:

* Event Status Updated
* Event Comment Added
* Notification Responded

To get started, go to your selected Webex Teams space, then type **"@" and select xMatters**, followed by the command: **help**.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/xmatters-8323/

name: Zenbot
description: Zenbot is an all-in-one solution for building a chatbot or natural language interface for your app or website.

 Instead of making everything on your own, you can use Zenbot, which provides NLP tools and bot hosting in a single service. Moreover, it is already integrated with Cisco Spark and other channels! Thus, you do not have to implement all of these messengers' APIs.

 Zenbot provides a chatbot framework for developers who are a bit familiar with programming, but have not dived into NLP or AI yet. You can use your own JavaScript code if you have some experience coding with it. However, JavaScript is not mandatory - you can still create a great bots without programming.
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/zenbot-just-ai-3572-36162/

name: Zoom.ai Meeting Assistant
description: Zoom.ai is the faster, smarter way for recruiters and sales teams to schedule meetings. 

With your Zoom.ai Meeting Assistant, you can easily automate all types of meeting scheduling, reserve rooms, and get organized before your meetings. 

Simply chat with your A.I. meeting assistant in natural language, just like you would a real human assistant! Zoom.ai syncs with all calendars and integrates into 60+ work applications like Salesforce and Greenhouse.io.

Get back hours in your day & focus on the work that matters. 

- Schedule, update, cancel meetings without the back and forth 
- Check your calendar whenever you want right in Webex Teams
- Instantly share when you’re free in emails or direct messages with your own personal scheduling link
- Be prepared for every meeting with automatic meeting briefings & people insights 

Get started:
1. Invite zoom@webex.bot into your Webex Teams account
2. Say hello! If our bot was added in a group room, say @zoom.ai hello
3. Follow your Zoom.ai assistant's instructions to sign in and start delegating tasks
url: https://developer.cisco.com/ecosystem/webex/apps/zoom-ai-meeting-assistant-zoom-ai-inc/

